ACCESSION 0000914317-09-000085  FORM 8-K  FILED 20090112  ACCEPTED 20090112155004 ET  COMPANY PEAPACK GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORP  ITEMS ['Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement', 'Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities', 'Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders', 'Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K form8k-96784_pgfc.htm FORM 8-K =====
form8k-96784_pgfc.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 ____________ FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported) January 8, 2009 PEAPACK-GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) New Jersey 001-16197 22-3537895 (State or Other Jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. Employer of Incorporation) File Number) Identification No.) 158 Route 206, Peapack-Gladstone, New Jersey 07934 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (908) 234-0700 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2. below): o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On January 9, 2009, as part of the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the “Treasury”) Troubled Asset Relief Program (“TARP”) Capital Purchase Program, Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation (the “Company”) entered into a Letter Agreement (“Letter Agreement”) and a Securities Purchase Agreement – Standard Terms attached thereto (“Securities Purchase Agreement”) with the Treasury, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, and the Treasury agreed to purchase, (i) 28,685 shares (the “Preferred Shares”) of the Company’s Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, having a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share, and (ii) a ten-year warrant (the “Warrant”) to purchase up to 143,139 shares of the Company’s common stock, no par value (“Common Stock”), at an exercise price of $30.06 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $28,685,000 in cash. This transaction closed on January 9, 2009 (the “Closing Date”). The issuance and sale of these securities was a private placement exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. Cumulative dividends on the Preferred Shares will accrue on the liquidation preference at a rate of 5% per annum for the first five years, and at a rate of 9% per annum thereafter, but will be paid only if, as and when declared by the Company’s Board of Directors. The Preferred Shares have no maturity date and rank senior to the Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company. Subject to the approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Preferred Shares are redeemable at the option of the Company at 100% of their liquidation preference, provided that the Preferred Shares may be redeemed prior to the first dividend payment date falling after the third anniversary of the Closing Date (January 9, 2012) only if (i) the Company has raised aggregate gross proceeds in one or more Qualified Equity Offerings in excess of $7,171,250 and (ii) the aggregate redemption price does not exceed the aggregate net proceeds from such Qualified Equity Offerings. “Qualified Equity Offering” is defined as the sale for cash by the Company after the Closing Date of shares of preferred stock or common stock that qualify as Tier I capital under the capital guidelines of the Company’s federal banking agency. Thus if the Company raised net proceeds of $28,685,000 from the sale of preferred stock or common stock in a public or private offering, it could redeem all of the Preferred Shares. Furthermore, if the Company redeemed the Preferred Stock and the Treasury still owned the Warrant, the Company could repurchase the Warrant from the Treasury for its fair market value. Unless both the holder and the Company agree otherwise, the exercise of the Warrant will be a net exercise (i.e., the holder does not pay cash but gives up shares with a market value at the time of exercise equal to the exercise price, resulting in a net settlement with significantly fewer than the 143,139 shares of Common Stock being issued). The Treasury may not transfer a portion or portions of the Warrant with respect to, and/or exercise the Warrant for more than one-half of, the 143,139 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant, in the aggregate, until the earlier of (i) the date on which the Company has received aggregate gross proceeds of not less than $28,685,000 from one or more Qualified Equity Offerings and (ii) December 31, 2009. In the event the Company completes one or more Qualified Equity Offerings on or prior to December 31, 2009 that result in the Company receiving aggregate gross proceeds of not less than $28,685,000, the number of the shares of Common Stock underlying the portion of the Warrant then held by the Treasury will be reduced by one-half of the shares of Common Stock originally covered by the Warrant. The Securities Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which the Preferred Shares and the Warrant were sold, contains limitations on the payment of dividends on the Common Stock (including with respect to the payment of cash dividends in excess of $0.16 per share, which was the amount of the last regular dividend declared by the Company prior to October 14, 2008) and on the Company’s ability to repurchase its Common Stock and repurchase or redeem its trust preferred securities, and subjects the Company to certain of the executive compensation limitations included in the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (the “EESA”). As a condition to the closing of the transaction, each of Messrs. Frank A. Kissel, Robert M. Rogers, Arthur F. Birmingham, Finn M.W. Caspersen, Jr., Craig C. Spengeman and Garrett P. Bromley, the Company’s Senior Executive Officers (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement) (the “Senior Executive Officers”), (i) executed a waiver (the “Waiver”) voluntarily waiving any claim against the Treasury or the Company for any changes to such Senior Executive Officer’s compensation or benefits that are required to comply with the regulation issued by the Treasury under the TARP Capital Purchase Program and acknowledging that the regulation may require modification of the compensation, bonus, incentive and other benefit plans, arrangements and policies and agreements (including so-called “golden parachute” agreements) (collectively, “Benefit Plans”) as they relate to the period the Treasury holds any equity or debt securities of the Company acquired through the TARP Capital Purchase Program; and (ii) entered into a senior executive officer agreement (“Senior Executive Officer Agreement”) with the Company amending the Benefit Plans with respect to such Senior Executive Officer as may be necessary, during the period that the Treasury owns any debt or equity securities of the Company acquired pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement or the Warrant, to comply with Section 111(b) of the EESA. The Securities Purchase Agreement and all related documents may be amended unilaterally by the Treasury to the extent required to comply with any changes in applicable federal statutes after the execution thereof. Copies of the Letter Agreement (including the Securities Purchase Agreement), the Warrant, the Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation establishing and authorizing the issuance by the Company of up to 500,000 shares of preferred stock, the Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation establishing the terms of the Preferred Shares, the form of Waiver executed by the Senior Executive Officers, the form of the Senior Executive Officer Agreement executed by the Senior Executive Officers, and the press release announcing the completion of the transactions described above are included as exhibits to this Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference into these Items 1.01, 3.02, 3.03, 5.02 and 5.03. The foregoing summary of certain provisions of these documents is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. The information set forth under “Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement” of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. The information set forth under “Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement” of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03. Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. The information set forth under “Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement” of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02. Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation On January 8, 2009, the Company filed with the State of New Jersey a Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (the “Certificate of Amendment”) to establish and authorize the issuance by the Company of up to 500,000 shares of preferred stock after such amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation was approved by the shareholders of the Company on January 6, 2009. The preferred stock may be issued by the Company’s board of directors in one or more series, from time to time, with each such series to consist of such number of shares and to have such voting powers, designations, preferences, rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions as determined by the board of directors. A copy of the Certificate of Amendment is included as an exhibit to this Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03. The Certificate of Amendment was approved by the board of directors on November 20, 2008, subject to shareholder approval, and was approved by the Company’s shareholders on January 6, 2009, and effective upon the filing of the Certificate of Amendment with the State of New Jersey on January 8, 2009. The full text of the Certificate of Amendment is attached as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by this reference. The above summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Certificate of Amendment filed as Exhibit 3.1. Filing of Certificate of Designation On January 8, 2009, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the “Certificate of Designations”) with the State of New Jersey for the purpose of amending its certificate of incorporation to fix the designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights of the Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share. The Certificate of Designations is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and is incorporated by reference herein. The above summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Certificate of Designations filed as Exhibit 3.2. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits: 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation, effective as of January 8, 2009. 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation, effective as of January 8, 2009. 4.1 Warrant, dated January 9, 2009, to purchase 143,139 shares of Common Stock of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation. 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated January 9, 2009, between Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation and the United States Department of the Treasury, with respect to the issuance and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Warrant. 10.2 Form of Waiver, executed by each of Messrs. Frank A. Kissel, Robert M. Rogers, Arthur F. Birmingham, Finn M.W. Caspersen, Jr., Craig C. Spengeman and Garrett P. Bromley. 10.3 Form of Senior Executive Officer Agreement, executed by each of Messrs. Frank A. Kissel, Robert M. Rogers, Arthur F. Birmingham, Finn M.W. Caspersen, Jr., Craig C. Spengeman and Garrett P. Bromley. 99.1 Press release, dated January 9, 2009, of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. PEAPACK-GLADSTONE FINANCIAL CORPORATION Dated: January 12, 2009 By: /s/ Arthur F. Birmingham Name: Arthur F. Birmingham Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Title 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation, effective as of January 8, 2009. 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation, Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation, effective as of January 8, 2009. 4.1 Warrant, dated January 9, 2009, to purchase 143,139 shares of Common Stock of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation. 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated January 9, 2009, between Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation and the United States Department of the Treasury, with respect to the issuance and sale of the Series A Preferred Stock and the Warrant. 10.2 Form of Waiver, executed by each of Messrs. Frank A. Kissel, Robert M. Rogers, Arthur F. Birmingham, Finn M.W. Caspersen, Jr., Craig C. Spengeman and Garrett P. Bromley. 10.3 Form of Senior Executive Officer Agreement, executed by each of Messrs. Frank A. Kissel, Robert M. Rogers, Arthur F. Birmingham, Finn M.W. Caspersen, Jr., Craig C. Spengeman and Garrett P. Bromley. 99.1 Press release, dated January 9, 2009, of Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation.

===== EX-99.1 ex99-1.htm EXHIBIT 99.1 =====
ex99-1.htm Exhibit 99.1 Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation Reports Receipt of $28,685,000 of Capital from the U.S. Treasury GLADSTONE, N.J.—(BUSINESS WIRE)—January 9, 2009— Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation ( NASDAQ Global Select Market:PGC ) reported the receipt on Friday, January 9, 2009 of a $28,685,000 investment by the U.S. Department of Treasury. The investment is part of Treasury’s Capital Purchase Program and is in the form of preferred stock. The investment is considered Tier 1 Capital. The Corporation applied for and received preliminary approval of Treasury’s investment in November, 2008. Prior to consummating Treasury’s investment the Corporation was required to obtain shareholder approval to amend its certificate of incorporation to provide for the issuance of preferred stock. At its special meeting on January 6, 2009 the Corporation received overwhelming shareholder approval for the proposal to issue preferred stock, allowing the Corporation to issue preferred stock to Treasury today to close the transaction. Frank A. Kissel, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stated, “I am pleased with the investment by Treasury and I believe it positions us very well for the future.” As part of the investment, the Corporation issued Treasury warrants to purchase 143,139 shares of the Corporation’s common stock at an exercise price of $30.06 per share. The warrants are exercisable for a period of 10 years. Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation is a bank holding company with total assets of $1.39 billion as of November 30, 2008. Peapack-Gladstone Bank, its wholly owned community bank, was established in 1921, and has 23 branches in Somerset, Hunterdon, Morris, Middlesex and Union Counties. Its Trust Division, PGB Trust and Investments, operates at the Bank’s main office located at 190 Main Street in Gladstone and at its Morristown office located at 233 South Street. To learn more about Peapack-Gladstone Financial Corporation and its services please visit our web site at www.pgbank.com or call 908-234-0700. The foregoing contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are not historical facts and include expressions about management’s confidence and strategies and management’s expectations about new and existing programs and products, investments, relationships, opportunities and market conditions. These statements may be identified by such forward-looking terminology as “expect”, “look”, “believe”, “anticipate”, “may”, or similar statements or variations of such terms. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, classification of securities to other-than-temporary impaired status, impairment charges with respect to securities, unanticipated costs in connection with new branch openings, deterioration of the economy, unexpected changes in interest rates, inability to manage growth in commercial loans, unexpected loan prepayment volume, unanticipated exposure to credit risks, insufficient allowance for loan losses, competition from other financial institutions, adverse effects of government regulation or different than anticipated effects from existing regulations, passage by Congress of a law which unilaterally amends the terms of the Treasury’s investment in us in a way that adversely affects us, a decline in the levels of loan quality and origination volume and a decline in trust assets or deposits, and other unexpected events. Peapack-Gladstone assumes no obligation for updating any such forward-looking statements at any time.
