ACCESSION 0000882377-05-003284  FORM 8-K  FILED 20051117  ACCEPTED 20051117172631 ET  COMPANY LUMINENT MORTGAGE TRUST 2005-1  ITEMS ['Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K d390882.htm STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC. =====
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) November 17, 2005 STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 333-120916 30-0183252 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 383 Madison Avenue New York, New York 10l79 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrants telephone number, including area code, is (212) 272-2000 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12(b)) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits . (a) Not applicable (b) Not applicable (c) Exhibits: Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2005, among Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., as Depositor, Chase Bank USA, National Association, as Owner Trustee and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator. Exhibit No. Description 4.1 Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2005, among Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, as Issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator and LaSalle Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2005, among Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., as Depositor, Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, as Issuer, Chase Bank USA, National Association, as Owner Trustee, LaSalle Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, Mercury Mortgage Finance Statutory Trust as Seller and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Master Servicer and Securities Administrator. Exhibit No. Description 99.2 Administration Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2005, among Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, as Issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator, Chase Bank USA, National Association, as Owner Trustee and Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., as Depositor. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on behalf of the Registrant by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC. By: /s/ Baron Silverstein Name: Baron Silverstein Title: Vice President Dated: November 17, 2005 EXHIBIT INDEX Item 601 (a) of Regulation S-K Exhibit No. Sequentially Numbered Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2005, among Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., as Depositor, Chase Bank USA, National Association, as Owner Trustee and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator. 4.1 Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2005, among Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, as Issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator and LaSalle Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee. 99.1 Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2005, among Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., as Depositor, Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, as Issuer, Chase Bank USA, National Association, as Owner Trustee, LaSalle Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, Mercury Mortgage Finance Statutory Trust as Seller and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Master Servicer and Securities Administrator. 99.2 Administration Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2005, among Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, as Issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator, Chase Bank USA, National Association, as Owner Trustee and Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., as Depositor.

===== EX-99.1 d389880_exh99-1.htm SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT =====
EXHIBIT 99.1 STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC., as Depositor LUMINENT MORTGAGE TRUST 2005-1, as Issuer LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Indenture Trustee WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Master Servicer and Securities Administrator and MERCURY MORTGAGE FINANCE STATUTORY TRUST as Seller SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT Dated as of November 2, 2005 Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc. Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, Mortgage-Backed Notes, Series 2005-1 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS Section 1.01. Definitions Section 1.02. Other Definitional Provisions ARTICLE II CONVEYANCE OF MORTGAGE LOANS Section 2.01. Conveyance of Mortgage Loans to Issuer Section 2.02. Acceptance of Mortgage Loans by the Issuer Section 2.03. Assignment of Interest in the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement and Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreements Section 2.04. Substitution of Mortgage Loans Section 2.05. Representations and Warranties Concerning the Depositor Section 2.06. Representations and Warranties Regarding the Master Servicer Section 2.07. Assignment of Agreement Section 2.08. Foreclosure Proceedings ARTICLE III ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF MORTGAGE LOANS Section 3.01. Master Servicer Section 3.02. Monitoring of Servicers Section 3.03. Fidelity Bond Section 3.04. Power to Act; Procedures Section 3.05. Due-on-Sale Clauses; Assumption Agreements Section 3.06. Release of Mortgage Files Section 3.07. Documents, Records and Funds in Possession of Master Servicer To Be Held for Issuer and Indenture Trustee Section 3.08. Standard Hazard Insurance and Flood Insurance Policies Section 3.09. Presentment of Claims and Collection of Proceeds Section 3.10. Maintenance of the Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies Section 3.11. Indenture Trustee to Retain Possession of Certain Insurance Policies and Documents Section 3.12. Realization Upon Defaulted Mortgage Loans Section 3.13. Compensation for the Master Servicer Section 3.14. REO Property Section 3.15. Annual Officer’s Certificate as to Compliance Section 3.16. Annual Independent Accountant’s Servicing Report Section 3.17. Reports Filed with Securities and Exchange Commission Section 3.18. UCC Section 3.19. Reserved Section 3.20. Monthly Advances Section 3.21. Compensating Interest Payments ARTICLE IV ACCOUNTS Section 4.01. Protected Accounts Section 4.02. Payment Account Section 4.03. Permitted Withdrawals and Transfers from the Payment Account ARTICLE V THE MASTER SERVICER Section 5.01. Liabilities of the Master Servicer Section 5.02. Merger or Consolidation of the Master Servicer Section 5.03. Indemnification of the Indenture Trustee, Owner Trustee, the Master Servicer and the Securities Administrator Section 5.04. Limitations on Liability of the Master Servicer and Others Section 5.05. Master Servicer Not to Resign Section 5.06. Successor Master Servicer Section 5.07. Sale and Assignment of Master Servicing ARTICLE VI DEFAULT Section 6.01. Master Servicer Events of Default Section 6.02. Indenture Trustee to Act; Appointment of Successor Section 6.03. Notification to Noteholders Section 6.04. Waiver of Defaults ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Section 7.01. Amendment Section 7.02. Recordation of Agreement Section 7.03. Governing Law Section 7.04. Notices Section 7.05. Severability of Provisions Section 7.06. Successors and Assigns Section 7.07. Article and Section Headings Section 7.08. Counterparts Section 7.09. Notice to Rating Agencies Section 7.10. Termination Section 7.11. No Petition Section 7.12. No Recourse Section 7.13. Additional Terms Regarding Indenture EXHIBITS Exhibit A - Mortgage Loan Schedule Exhibit B - Request for Release of Documents Exhibit C - Countrywide Servicing Agreement Exhibit D - Countrywide Assignment Agreement Exhibit E - EMC Servicing Agreement Exhibit F - EMC Assignment Agreement Exhibit G - PHH Servicing Agreement Exhibit H - PHH Assignment Agreement Exhibit I - Form of Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement Exhibit J - Form of Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement Exhibit K - Form of Subsequent Transfer Instrument SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of November 2, 2005 (the “Agreement”), among Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., a Delaware corporation, as depositor (the “Depositor”), Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, a Delaware statutory trust, as issuer (the “Issuer”), LaSalle Bank National Association, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but solely as indenture trustee (the “Indenture Trustee”), Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (“Wells Fargo”), as master servicer (in such capacity, the “Master Servicer”) and as securities administrator (in such capacity, the “Securities Administrator”) and Mercury Mortgage Finance Statutory Trust, as seller (in such capacity, the “Seller). PRELIMINARY STATEMENT On or prior to the Closing Date, the Depositor acquired the Mortgage Loans from the Seller pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement. Prior to the Closing Date, pursuant to a Trust Agreement, as amended and restated on the Closing Date, the Depositor created Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, a Delaware statutory trust, for the purpose of holding the Mortgage Loans and issuing the Trust Certificates (the “Certificates”), pursuant to the Trust Agreement, and the Notes, pursuant to the Indenture. Pursuant to this Agreement, on the Closing Date, the Depositor will sell the Mortgage Loans and certain other property to the Issuer and pursuant to the Indenture, the Issuer will pledge all of its right, title and interest in and to the Mortgage Loans and other property acquired from the Depositor pursuant to this Agreement to the Indenture Trustee to secure the Notes issued pursuant to the Indenture. In consideration for the Mortgage Loans and other property conveyed pursuant to this Agreement, the Depositor will receive from the Issuer the Certificates evidencing the entire beneficial ownership interest in the Issuer and the Notes representing indebtedness of the Issuer. The Mortgage Loans will have an Outstanding Principal Balance as of the Cut-off Date, after deducting all Scheduled Principal due on or before the Cut-off Date, of $486,400,221.86. In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, each of the Depositor, the Issuer, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the Seller and the Indenture Trustee undertakes and agrees to perform their respective duties hereunder as follows: ARTICLE I Definitions Section 1.01. Definitions . For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided herein or unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Definitions contained in Appendix A to the Indenture which is incorporated by reference herein. All other capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings specified herein. Section 1.02. Other Definitional Provisions . (a) All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. (b) As used in this Agreement and in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, accounting terms not defined in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other document, and accounting terms partly defined in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other document, to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under generally accepted accounting principles. To the extent that the definitions of accounting terms in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other document are inconsistent with the meanings of such terms under generally accepted accounting principles, the definitions contained in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other document shall control. (c) The words “hereof,” “herein,” “hereunder” and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; Section and Exhibit references contained in this Agreement are references to Sections and Exhibits in or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified; and the term “including” shall mean “including without limitation”. (d) The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as the feminine and neuter genders of such terms. (e) Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to herein or in any instrument or certificate delivered in connection herewith means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented and includes (in the case of agreements or instruments) references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein; references to a Person are also to its permitted successors and assigns. ARTICLE II Conveyance of Mortgage Loans Section 2.01. Conveyance of Mortgage Loans to Issuer . (a) The Depositor concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, sells, transfers and assigns to the Issuer without recourse all its right, title and interest in and to (i) the Mortgage Loans and Substitute Mortgage Loans and the proceeds thereof and all rights under the Related Documents; (ii) all funds on deposit from time to time in the Payment Account and in all proceeds thereof; (iii) any REO Property; (iv) all funds on deposit from time to time in the Pre-Funding Accounts and the Interest Coverage Accounts and in all proceeds thereof; (v) all rights under (I) the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement as assigned to the Issuer with respect to the Initial Mortgage Loans and the Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreements as assigned to the Issuer, with respect to the related Subsequent Mortgage Loans to the extent provided in Section 2.03(a), (II) the Required Insurance Policies and any amounts paid or payable by the insurer under any Insurance Policy (to the extent the mortgagee has a claim thereto) and (III) the rights with respect to the Countrywide Servicing Agreement, the EMC Servicing Agreement and the PHH Servicing Agreement as assigned to the Issuer by the related Assignment Agreement; and (vi) any proceeds of the foregoing. Although it is the intent of the Depositor and the Issuer that the conveyance of the Depositor’s right, title and interest in and to the Mortgage Loans and other assets in the Trust Estate to the Issuer pursuant to this Agreement shall constitute a purchase and sale and not a loan, in the event that such conveyance is deemed to be a loan, it is the intent of the parties to this Agreement that the Depositor shall be deemed to have granted to the Issuer a first priority perfected security interest in all of the Depositor’s right, title and interest in, to and under the Mortgage Loans and other assets in the Trust Estate, and that this Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under applicable law. (b) In connection with the above transfer and assignment, the Depositor hereby delivers to the Custodian, on behalf of the Issuer, with respect to each Mortgage Loan: (i) the original Mortgage Note, endorsed without recourse in blank or to the order of the Indenture Trustee and showing an unbroken chain of endorsements from the originator thereof to the Person endorsing it in blank or to the Indenture Trustee, or lost note affidavit together with a copy of the related Mortgage Note; (ii) the original Mortgage and, if the related Mortgage Loan is a MOM Loan, noting the presence of the MIN and language indicating that such Mortgage Loan is a MOM Loan, which shall have been recorded (or if the original is not available, a copy), with evidence of such recording indicated thereon (or if clause (w) in the proviso below applies, shall be in recordable form); (iii) unless the Mortgage Loan is a MOM Loan, a certified copy of the assignment (which may be in the form of a blanket assignment if permitted in the jurisdiction in which the Mortgaged Property is located) in blank or to “LaSalle Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, on behalf of the Noteholders”, with evidence of recording with respect to each Mortgage Loan in the name of the Indenture Trustee thereon (or if clause (a) in the proviso below applies or for Mortgage Loans with respect to which the related Mortgaged Property is located in a state other than Illinois or an Opinion of Counsel has been provided as set forth in this Section 2.01(b), shall be in recordable form); (iv) all intervening assignments of the Security Instrument, if applicable and only to the extent available to the Depositor with evidence of recording thereon; (v) the original or a copy of the policy or certificate of primary mortgage guaranty insurance, to the extent available, if any; (vi) the original or a copy of the policy of title insurance or mortgagee’s certificate of title insurance or commitment or binder for title insurance; and (vii) originals of all modification agreements, if applicable and available; provided , however , that in lieu of the foregoing, the Depositor may deliver to the Custodian, the following documents, under the circumstances set forth below: (a) in lieu of the original Security Instrument (including the Mortgage), assignments to the Indenture Trustee or intervening assignments thereof which have been delivered, are being delivered or will, upon receipt of recording information relating to such documents required to be included thereon, be delivered to recording offices for recording and have not been returned to the Depositor in time to permit their delivery as specified above, the Depositor may deliver a true copy thereof with a certification by the related Servicer, or its agent on its behalf, substantially to the effect that such copy is a true and correct copy of the original; (b) in lieu of the Security Instrument, assignment in blank or to the Indenture Trustee or intervening assignments thereof, if the applicable jurisdiction retains the originals of such documents (as evidenced by a certification from the Depositor to such effect) the Depositor may deliver photocopies of such documents containing an original certification by the judicial or other governmental authority of the jurisdiction where such documents were recorded or from the Depositor’s agent, escrow agent or closing attorney; (c) in lieu of the Mortgage Notes relating to the Mortgage Loans, the Depositor may deliver lost note affidavits from the Seller; and (d) the Depositor shall not be required to deliver intervening assignments or Mortgage Note endorsements between the related Servicer and the Seller, between the Seller and the Depositor, between the Depositor and the Issuer, and between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee; and provided, further, however, that in the case of the Initial Mortgage Loans which have been prepaid in full after the Cut-off Date and prior to the Closing Date and in the case of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans which have been prepaid in full after the related Subsequent Cut-off Date and prior to the applicable Subsequent Transfer Date, the Depositor, in lieu of delivering the above documents, may deliver to the Indenture Trustee, a certification to such effect and shall deposit all amounts paid in respect of such Mortgage Loans in the Payment Account on the Closing Date. The Depositor shall deliver such original documents (including any original documents as to which certified copies had previously been delivered) to the Custodian, promptly after they are received. The Depositor shall cause the Seller, at its expense, to cause each assignment of the Security Instrument to the Indenture Trustee to be recorded not later than 180 days after the Closing Date, unless (a) such recordation is not required by the Rating Agencies as evidenced in writing or an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Indenture Trustee has been provided to the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer which states that recordation of such Security Instrument is not required to protect the interests of the Noteholders in the related Mortgage Loans or (b) MERS is identified on the Mortgage or on a properly recorded assignment of the Mortgage as the mortgagee of record solely as nominee for the Seller and its successor and assigns; provided, however, notwithstanding the foregoing, each assignment shall be submitted for recording by the Seller in the manner described above, at no expense to the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, upon the earliest to occur of: (i) reasonable direction by the Holders of Notes aggregating at least 25% of the Note Principal Balance of the Notes, (ii) the occurrence of a Master Servicer Event of Default or an Event of Default, (iii) the occurrence of a bankruptcy, insolvency or foreclosure relating to the Seller and (iv) the occurrence of a servicing transfer as described in Section 6.02 hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Seller fails to pay the cost of recording the assignments, such expense will be paid by the Securities Administrator from funds in the Payment Account in accordance with Section 4.05 of this Agreement. Section 2.02. Acceptance of Mortgage Loans by the Issuer . (a) The Issuer acknowledges the sale, transfer and assignment of the Trust Estate to it by the Depositor and receipt of, subject to further review by the Custodian, on its behalf, and the exceptions which may be noted by the Custodian, on its behalf, pursuant to the procedures described below, and the Issuer will cause the Custodian to hold, the documents (or certified copies thereof) delivered to the Custodian, pursuant to Section 2.01, and any amendments, replacements or supplements thereto and all other assets of the Trust Estate delivered to it, in trust for the use and benefit of all present and future Holders of the Notes issued pursuant to the Indenture. On the Closing Date, with respect to the Initial Mortgage Loans, or the applicable Subsequent Transfer Date, with respect to the related Subsequent Mortgage Loans, in accordance with the Custodial Agreement, the Custodian shall acknowledge with respect to each Mortgage Loan by delivery to the Depositor, the Seller, the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer of an Initial Certification, receipt of the Mortgage File, but without review of such Mortgage File, except to the extent necessary to confirm that such Mortgage File contains the related Mortgage Note or lost note affidavit. No later than 90 days after the Closing Date (or within 90 days of the applicable Subsequent Transfer Date, with respect to the related Subsequent Mortgage Loans, or, with respect to any Substitute Mortgage Loan, within five Business Days after the receipt by the Custodian thereof), the Custodian, in accordance with the Custodial Agreement, shall review each Mortgage File delivered to it and shall execute and deliver to the Depositor, the Seller, the Indenture Trustee and Issuer an Interim Certification. In conducting such review, the Custodian will ascertain whether all documents required to be reviewed by it have been executed and received, and based on the Mortgage Loan Schedule, whether the Mortgage Notes relate, determined on the basis of the Mortgagor name, original principal balance and loan number, to the Mortgage Loans it has received, as identified in the Mortgage Loan Schedule. In performing any such review, the Custodian may conclusively rely on the purported due execution and genuineness of any such document and on the purported genuineness of any signature thereon. If the Custodian finds any document constituting part of the Mortgage File has not been executed or received, or is unrelated, determined on the basis of the Mortgagor name, original principal balance and loan number, to the Initial Mortgage Loans identified in Exhibit A, or the Subsequent Mortgage Loans identified on Exhibit 1 to the related Subsequent Transfer Instrument, as the case may be, or does not conform on its face to the review criteria specified in this Section (a “Material Defect”), the Custodian shall notify the Seller and the Indenture Trustee of such Material Defect in writing. In accordance with the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement or the applicable Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, as the case may be, the Seller shall correct or cure any such Material Defect within ninety (90) days from the date of notice from the Indenture Trustee of the defect and if the Seller fails to correct or cure the Material Defect within such period, the Indenture Trustee shall enforce the Seller’s obligation under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement or the applicable Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, as the case may be, within 90 days from the Indenture Trustee’s notification, provide a Substitute Mortgage Loan or purchase such Mortgage Loan at the Repurchase Price; provided, however, that if such Material Defect relates solely to the inability of the Seller to deliver the original Security Instrument or intervening assignments thereof, or a certified copy because the originals of such documents, or a certified copy have not been returned by the applicable jurisdiction, the Seller shall not be required to purchase such Mortgage Loan if the Seller delivers such original documents or certified copy promptly upon receipt, but in no event later than 360 days after the Closing Date. The foregoing repurchase obligation shall not apply in the event that the Seller cannot deliver such original or copy of any document submitted for recording to the appropriate recording office in the applicable jurisdiction because such document has not been returned by such office; provided that the Seller shall instead deliver a recording receipt of such recording office or, if such receipt is not available, a certificate confirming that such documents have been accepted for recording, and delivery to the Custodian shall be effected by the Seller within thirty days of its receipt of the original recorded document. (b) No later than 180 days after the Closing Date (or within 180 days of the applicable Subsequent Transfer Date, with respect to the related Subsequent Mortgage Loans), the Custodian, in accordance with the Custodial Agreement, will review, for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Mortgage Files delivered to it and will execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered to the Depositor, the Seller, the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer a Final Certification. In conducting such review, the Custodian will ascertain whether an original of each document required to be recorded has been returned from the recording office with evidence of recording thereon or a certified copy has been obtained from the recording office. If the Custodian finds a Material Defect, the Custodian shall promptly notify the Seller and the Indenture Trustee in writing (provided, however, that with respect to those documents described in subsections (b)(iv), (v) and (vii) of Section 2.01, the Custodian’s obligations shall extend only to the documents actually delivered to the Custodian pursuant to such subsections). In accordance with the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement or the applicable Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, as the case may be, the Seller shall correct or cure any such Material Defect within 90 days from the date of notice from the Custodian or the Indenture Trustee of the Material Defect. If the Seller is unable to cure such Material Defect within such period, and if such Material Defect materially and adversely affects the interests of the Noteholders in the related Mortgage Loan, the Indenture Trustee shall enforce the Seller’s obligation under the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement or the applicable Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, as the case may be, to within 90 days from the Custodian’s or Indenture Trustee’s notification, provide a Substitute Mortgage Loan or purchase such Mortgage Loan at the Repurchase Price; provided, however, that if such defect relates solely to the inability of the Seller to deliver the original Security Instrument or intervening assignments thereof, or a certified copy, because the originals of such documents or a certified copy, have not been returned by the applicable jurisdiction, the Seller shall not be required to purchase such Mortgage Loan, if the Seller, delivers such original documents or certified copy promptly upon receipt, but in no event later than 360 days after the Closing Date. The foregoing repurchase obligation shall not apply in the event that the Seller cannot deliver such original or copy of any document submitted for recording to the appropriate recording office in the applicable jurisdiction because such document has not been returned by such office; provided that the Seller shall instead deliver a recording receipt of such recording office or, if such receipt is not available, a certificate confirming that such documents have been accepted for recording, and delivery to the Indenture Trustee shall be effected by the Seller within thirty days of its receipt of the original recorded document. (c) In the event that a Mortgage Loan is purchased by the Seller in accordance with Subsections 2.02(a) or (b) above, the Seller shall remit to the Master Servicer the Repurchase Price for deposit in the Payment Account and the Seller shall provide to the Securities Administrator and the Indenture Trustee written notification detailing the components of the Repurchase Price. Upon deposit of the Repurchase Price in the Payment Account, the Depositor shall notify the Indenture Trustee and the Custodian, and the Indenture Trustee (upon receipt of a Request for Release in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto with respect to such Mortgage Loan and certification that the Repurchase Price has been deposited in the Payment Account), shall cause the Custodian to release to the Seller the related Mortgage File and the Indenture Trustee shall execute and deliver all instruments of transfer or assignment, without recourse, representation or warranty, furnished to it by the Seller as are necessary to vest in the Seller title to and rights under the Mortgage Loan. Such purchase shall be deemed to have occurred on the date on which the Repurchase Price in available funds is deposited in the Payment Account. The Master Servicer shall amend the Mortgage Loan Schedule, which was previously delivered to it by the Depositor in a form agreed to between the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee and the Custodian, to reflect such repurchase and shall promptly deliver to the Rating Agencies, the Indenture Trustee, the Custodian and the Issuer a copy of such amendment. The obligation of the Seller to repurchase or substitute for any Mortgage Loan a Substitute Mortgage Loan as to which such a Material Defect in a constituent document exists shall be the sole remedy respecting such Material Defect available to the Issuer, the Noteholders or to the Indenture Trustee on their behalf. Section 2.03. Assignment of Interest in the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement and Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreements . (a) The Depositor hereby assigns to the Issuer, all of its right, title and interest in the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement and the Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreements, including but not limited to the Depositor’s rights and obligations pursuant to the Countrywide Servicing Agreement, the EMC Servicing Agreement and the PHH Servicing Agreement. The Depositor hereby acknowledges that such right, title and interest in the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, will be pledged by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture. The obligations of Countrywide, EMC, PPH or Seller to substitute or repurchase, as applicable, a Mortgage Loan shall be the Issuer’s, the Indenture Trustee’s and the Noteholders’ sole remedy for any breach thereof. At the request of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, the Depositor shall take such actions as may be necessary to enforce the above right, title and interest on behalf of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders and shall execute such further documents as the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may reasonably require in order to enable the Indenture Trustee to carry out such enforcement. (b) If the Depositor, the Securities Administrator, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee discovers a breach of any of the representations and warranties set forth in the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement or the applicable Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, as the case may be, which breach materially and adversely affects the value of the interests of the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Indenture Trustee in the related Mortgage Loan, the party discovering the breach shall give prompt written notice of the breach to the other parties. Countrywide, EMC or PHH, as applicable, within a period of time specified in the Servicing Agreement shall cure, substitute or repurchase for the breach in all material respects or, subject to the related Servicing Agreement. If there is a breach of a representation or warranty relating to a Countrywide Mortgage Loan and Countrywide did not make such representation or warranty to the Trust but EMC made such representation or warranty to the Trust regarding the Countrywide Mortgage Loan, then EMC will cure, substitute or repurchase for the breach in accordance with the EMC Servicing Agreement. The Seller will only be required to cure, substitute or repurchase for a breach of a representation or warranty set forth in this Section 7 of the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement if Countrywide, EMC or PHH, as applicable is not required to cure, substitute or repurchase under the related Servicing Agreement, or in the case of a Countrywide Mortgage Loan, if EMC also was not required to cure, substitute or repurchase under the EMC Servicing Agreement. In that case, the Seller within 90 days of its discovery or receipt of notice that such breach has occurred (whichever occurs earlier), shall cure, substitute or repurchase for the breach in all material respects or, subject to the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, the applicable Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, and Section 2.05 of this Agreement, shall purchase the related Mortgage Loan or any property acquired with respect thereto from the Issuer; provided, however, that if there is a breach of any representation set forth in the related Servicing Agreement or Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, the applicable Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, or Section 2.05 of this Agreement and such breach materially and adversely affects the interests of the Issuer, Noteholders or the Indenture Trustee, and the Mortgage Loan or the related property acquired with respect thereto has been sold, then Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, shall pay, in lieu of the Repurchase Price, any excess of the Repurchase Price over the Net Liquidation Proceeds received upon such sale. If the Net Liquidation Proceeds exceed the Repurchase Price, any excess shall be paid to Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, to the extent not required by law to be paid to the borrower. Any such purchase by Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, shall be made by providing an amount equal to the Repurchase Price to the Master Servicer for deposit in the Payment Account and written notification detailing the components of such Repurchase Price. The Depositor shall submit to the Indenture Trustee and the Custodian a Request for Release, and the Indenture Trustee shall cause the Custodian to release, upon receipt of certification from the Master Servicer that the Repurchase Price has been deposited in the Payment Account, to Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, the related Mortgage File and the Indenture Trustee shall execute and deliver all instruments of transfer or assignment furnished to it by Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, without recourse, representation or warranty as are necessary to vest in Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable title to and rights under the related Mortgage Loan or any property acquired with respect thereto. Such purchase shall be deemed to have occurred on the date on which the Repurchase Price in available funds is deposited in the Payment Account. The Master Servicer shall amend the Mortgage Loan Schedule to reflect such repurchase and shall promptly deliver to the Issuer, Indenture Trustee, the Custodian and the Rating Agencies a copy of such amendment. Enforcement of the obligation of Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, to purchase (or substitute a Substitute Mortgage Loan for) any Mortgage Loan or any property acquired with respect thereto (or pay the Repurchase Price as set forth in the above proviso) as to which a breach has occurred and is continuing shall constitute the sole remedy respecting such breach available to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Indenture Trustee on their behalf. Section 2.04. Substitution of Mortgage Loans . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in lieu of purchasing a Mortgage Loan pursuant to the related Servicing Agreement or Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, the applicable Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, or Sections 2.02 or 2.03 of this Agreement, Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller may, as applicable, no later than the date by which such purchase by Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, would otherwise be required, tender to the Indenture Trustee a Substitute Mortgage Loan accompanied by a certificate of an authorized officer of the Seller that such Substitute Mortgage Loan conforms to the requirements set forth in the definition of “Substitute Mortgage Loan” in this Agreement. The Indenture Trustee shall cause the Custodian to examine the Mortgage File for any Substitute Mortgage Loan in the manner set forth in Section 2.02(a) and the Indenture Trustee shall cause the Custodian to notify Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, in writing, within five Business Days after receipt, whether or not the documents relating to the Substitute Mortgage Loan satisfy the requirements of Section 2.02. Within two Business Days after such notification, Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, shall provide to the Master Servicer for deposit in the Payment Account the amount, if any, by which the Outstanding Principal Balance as of the next preceding Due Date of the Mortgage Loan for which substitution is being made, after giving effect to the Scheduled Principal due on such date, exceeds the Outstanding Principal Balance as of such date of the Substitute Mortgage Loan, after giving effect to Scheduled Principal due on such date, which amount shall be treated for the purposes of this Agreement as if it were the payment by Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, of the Repurchase Price for the purchase of a Mortgage Loan by the Seller, as applicable. After such notification to Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, and, if any such excess exists, upon receipt of certification from the Master Servicer that such excess has been deposited in the Payment Account, the Indenture Trustee shall accept such Substitute Mortgage Loan which shall thereafter be deemed to be a Mortgage Loan hereunder. In the event of such a substitution, accrued interest on the Substitute Mortgage Loan for the month in which the substitution occurs and any Principal Prepayments made thereon during such month shall be the property of the Trust Estate and accrued interest for such month on the Mortgage Loan for which the substitution is made and any Principal Prepayments made thereon during such month shall be the property of Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable. The Scheduled Principal on a Substitute Mortgage Loan due on the Due Date in the month of substitution shall be the property of Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, and the Scheduled Principal on the Mortgage Loan for which the substitution is made due on such Due Date shall be the property of the Trust Estate. Upon acceptance of the Substitute Mortgage Loan (and delivery to the Indenture Trustee and the Custodian of a Request for Release for such Mortgage Loan), the Indenture Trustee shall cause the Custodian to release to Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, the related Mortgage File related to any Mortgage Loan released pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, the applicable Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement or Section 2.04 of this Agreement, as applicable, and shall execute and deliver all instruments of transfer or assignment, without recourse, representation or warranty in form as provided to it as are necessary to vest in Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, title to and rights under any Mortgage Loan released pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, the applicable Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement or Section 2.04 of this Agreement, as applicable. Countrywide, EMC, PPH or the Seller, as applicable, shall deliver to the Custodian the documents related to the Substitute Mortgage Loan in accordance with the provisions of the related Servicing Agreement or the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, as applicable, and Subsections 2.01(b) and 2.02(b) of this Agreement, as applicable, with the date of acceptance of the Substitute Mortgage Loan deemed to be the Closing Date for purposes of the time periods set forth in those Subsections. The representations and warranties set forth in the related Servicing Agreement, the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement and the applicable Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement shall be deemed to have been made by Countrywide, EMC, PHH and the Seller with respect to each Substitute Mortgage Loan as of the date of acceptance of such Mortgage Loan by the Indenture Trustee. The Master Servicer shall amend the Mortgage Loan Schedule to reflect such substitution and shall provide a copy of such amended Mortgage Loan Schedule to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Custodian and the Rating Agencies. Section 2.05. Representations and Warranties Concerning the Depositor . The Depositor hereby represents and warrants to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Master Servicer and the Securities Administrator as follows: (i) the Depositor (a) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and (b) is qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation to do business in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except where the failure so to qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Depositor’s business as presently conducted or on the Depositor’s ability to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (ii) the Depositor has full corporate power to own its property, to carry on its business as presently conducted and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) the execution and delivery by the Depositor of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Depositor; and neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, nor compliance with the provisions hereof, will conflict with or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any of the provisions of any law, governmental rule, regulation, judgment, decree or order binding on the Depositor or its properties or the articles of incorporation or by-laws of the Depositor, except those conflicts, breaches or defaults which would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Depositor’s ability to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (iv) the execution, delivery and performance by the Depositor of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not require the consent or approval of, the giving of notice to, the registration with, or the taking of any other action in respect of, any state, federal or other governmental authority or agency, except those consents, approvals, notices, registrations or other actions as have already been obtained, given or made; (v) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Depositor and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Depositor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of the rights of creditors generally); (vi) there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Depositor, threatened against the Depositor, before or by any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or (vii) with respect to any other matter which in the judgment of the Depositor will be determined adversely to the Depositor and will if determined adversely to the Depositor materially and adversely affect the Depositor’s ability to enter into this Agreement or perform its obligations under this Agreement; and the Depositor is not in default with respect to any order of any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body so as to materially and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (viii) immediately prior to the transfer and assignment to the Issuer, each Mortgage Note and each Mortgage were not subject to an assignment or pledge, and the Depositor had good and marketable title to and was the sole owner thereof and had full right to transfer and sell such Mortgage Loan to the Issuer free and clear of any encumbrance, equity, lien, pledge, charge, claim or security interest. Section 2.06. Representations and Warranties Regarding the Master Servicer . The Master Servicer represents and warrants to the Issuer, the Depositor, the Seller and the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, as follows: (i) The Master Servicer is a national banking association duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the United States of America and has the corporate power to own its assets and to transact the business in which it is currently engaged. The Master Servicer is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the business transacted by it or properties owned or leased by it requires such qualification and in which the failure to so qualify would have a material adverse effect on the business, properties, assets, or condition (financial or other) of the Master Servicer or the validity or enforceability of this Agreement; (ii) The Master Servicer has the power and authority to make, execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and all of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. When executed and delivered, this Agreement will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Master Servicer enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement of such terms may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by the availability of equitable remedies; (iii) The Master Servicer is not required to obtain the consent of any other Person or any consent, license, approval or authorization from, or registration or declaration with, any governmental authority, bureau or agency in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, except for such consent, license, approval or authorization, or registration or declaration, as shall have been obtained or filed, as the case may be; (iv) The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Master Servicer will not violate any provision of any existing law or regulation or any order or decree of any court applicable to the Master Servicer or any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Master Servicer, or constitute a material breach of any mortgage, indenture, contract or other agreement to which the Master Servicer is a party or by which the Master Servicer may be bound; and (v) No litigation or administrative proceeding of or before any court, tribunal or governmental body is currently pending (other than litigation with respect to which pleadings or documents have been filed with a court, but not served on the Master Servicer), or to the knowledge of the Master Servicer threatened, against the Master Servicer or any of its properties or with respect to this Agreement or the Notes or the Certificates which, to the knowledge of the Master Servicer, has a reasonable likelihood of resulting in a material adverse effect on the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The foregoing representations and warranties shall survive any termination of the Master Servicer hereunder. Section 2.07. Assignment of Agreement . The Seller, the Depositor and the Master Servicer hereby acknowledge and agree that the Issuer may assign its interest under this Agreement to the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, as may be required to effect the purposes of the Indenture, without further notice to, or consent of, the Seller, the Depositor or the Master Servicer, and the Indenture Trustee shall succeed to such of the rights of the Issuer hereunder as shall be so assigned. The Issuer shall, pursuant to the Indenture, assign all of its right, title and interest in and to the Mortgage Loans and its right to exercise the remedies created by Article II of this Agreement for breaches of the representations, warranties, agreements and covenants of the Seller contained in the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement and the Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreements, to the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders. The Seller agrees that, upon such assignment to the Indenture Trustee, such representations, warranties, agreements and covenants will run to and be for the benefit of the Indenture Trustee and the Indenture Trustee may enforce, without joinder of the Depositor or the Issuer, the repurchase obligations of the Seller set forth herein and in the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement and the Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreements with respect to breaches of such representations, warranties, agreements and covenants. Any such assignment to the Indenture Trustee shall not be deemed to constitute an assignment to the Indenture Trustee of any obligations or liabilities of the Issuer under this Agreement. Section 2.08. Foreclosure Proceedings . (a) For so long as the Investor (i) holds all of the Classes of Privately Offered Notes (other than any such Notes with respect to which a “will be debt” opinion has been rendered by nationally recognized tax counsel and furnished to the Master Servicer) and the Certificates and (ii) the Investor has not forfeited its rights set forth in Section 4.02 of the Countrywide Servicing Agreement, Section 4.03 of the EMC Servicing Agreement, and Section 5.13 of the PHH Servicing Agreement, the Master Servicer (A) shall promptly notify the Investor of its receipt of any Foreclosure Notice and any Non-Foreclosure Notice and (B) shall promptly notify the Investor of the Fair Value Prices (as defined in the related Servicing Agreement) and related calculations of the purchase price of the Mortgage Loans determined pursuant to the related Servicing Agreement. In the event that the Investor has notified the Master Servicer in writing that the Investor no longer holds all of the Privately Offered Notes (other than any such Note with respect to which a “will be debt” opinion has been rendered by nationally recognized tax counsel and furnished to the Master Servicer) and the Certificates and the Servicer, as applicable, has notified the Master Servicer that the Investor has forfeited its rights set forth in Section 4.02 of the Countrywide Servicing Agreement, Section 4.03 of the EMC Servicing Agreement, and Section 5.13 of the PHH Servicing Agreement, the Master Servicer shall provide the related Servicer with an Expiration Notice indicating such event. ARTICLE III Administration and Servicing of Mortgage Loans Section 3.01. Master Servicer . The Master Servicer shall supervise, monitor and oversee the obligations of the Servicers to service and administer the Mortgage Loans in accordance with the terms of the related Servicing Agreement, and shall have full power and authority to do any and all things which it may deem necessary or desirable in connection with such master servicing and administration. In performing its obligations hereunder, the Master Servicer shall act in a manner consistent with Accepted Master Servicing Practices. Furthermore, the Master Servicer shall oversee and consult with the Servicers as necessary from time-to-time to carry out the Master Servicer’s obligations hereunder, shall receive, review and evaluate all reports, information and other data provided to the Master Servicer by the Servicers and shall cause the Servicers to perform and observe the covenants, obligations and conditions to be performed or observed by such Servicer under the related Servicing Agreement. The Master Servicer shall independently and separately monitor the Servicers’ servicing activities with respect to the Mortgage Loans, reconcile the results of such monitoring with such information provided in the previous sentence on a monthly basis and coordinate corrective adjustments to the Servicers’ and Master Servicer’s records, and based on such reconciled and corrected information, the Master Servicer shall provide such information to the Securities Administrator as shall be necessary in order for it to prepare the statements specified in Section 7.03 of the Indenture, and prepare any other information and statements required to be forwarded by the Master Servicer hereunder. The Master Servicer shall reconcile the results of its Mortgage Loan monitoring with the actual remittances of the Servicers pursuant to the Servicing Agreements. The Indenture Trustee shall furnish the Servicers and the Master Servicer with any powers of attorney and other documents in form as provided to it necessary or appropriate to enable the related Servicer and the Master Servicer to service and administer the related Mortgage Loans and REO Property. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for the Servicers’ or the Master Servicer’s use or misuse of such powers of attorney, and further provided, that, neither the Master Servicer nor any Servicer shall without the Indenture Trustee’s written consent, (A) initiate any action in the Indenture Trustee’s name without indicating the Master Servicer or Servicer’s representative capacity or (B) cause the Indenture Trustee to be registered to do business in any state. The Indenture Trustee shall provide access to the records and documentation in possession of the Indenture Trustee regarding the related Mortgage Loans and REO Property and the servicing thereof to the Noteholders, the FDIC, and the supervisory agents and examiners of the FDIC, such access being afforded only upon reasonable prior written request and during normal business hours at the office of the Indenture Trustee; provided, however, that, unless otherwise required by law, the Indenture Trustee shall not be required to provide access to such records and documentation to the Noteholders if the provision thereof would violate the legal right to privacy of any Mortgagor. The Indenture Trustee shall allow representatives of the above entities to photocopy any of the records and documentation and shall provide equipment for that purpose at a charge that covers the Indenture Trustee’s actual costs. The Indenture Trustee shall execute and deliver to the related Servicer or the Master Servicer, as applicable based on the requesting party, any court pleadings, requests for trustee’s sale or other documents necessary or reasonably desirable to (i) effect the foreclosure or trustee’s sale with respect to a Mortgaged Property; (ii) take any legal action brought to obtain judgment against any Mortgagor on the Mortgage Note or Security Instrument; (iii) obtain a deficiency judgment against the Mortgagor; or (iv) enforce any other rights or remedies provided by the Mortgage Note or Security Instrument or otherwise available at law or equity. Section 3.02. Monitoring of Servicers . (a) The Master Servicer shall be responsible for reporting to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Depositor the compliance by each Servicer with its duties under the related Servicing Agreement. In the review of the Servicers’ activities, the Master Servicer may rely upon an officer’s certificate of the related Servicer (or similar document signed by an officer of the related Servicer) with regard to such Servicer’s compliance with the terms of the related Servicing Agreement. In the event that the Master Servicer, in its judgment, determines that a Servicer should be terminated in accordance with the related Servicing Agreement, or that a notice should be sent pursuant to the related Servicing Agreement with respect to the occurrence of an event that, unless cured, would constitute grounds for such termination, the Master Servicer shall notify the Depositor, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee thereof and the Master Servicer shall issue such notice or take such other action as it deems appropriate. (b) The Master Servicer, for the benefit of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders, shall enforce the obligations of the Servicers under the related Servicing Agreement, and shall, in the event that a Servicer fails to perform its obligations in accordance with the related Servicing Agreement, subject to the preceding paragraph, terminate the rights and obligations of such Servicer thereunder and act as servicer of the related Mortgage Loans or cause the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee to enter into a new servicing agreement with a successor servicer selected by the Master Servicer; provided, however, it is understood and acknowledged by the parties hereto that there will be a period of transition (not to exceed 90 days) before the actual servicing functions can be fully transferred to such successor servicer. Such enforcement, including, without limitation, the legal prosecution of claims, termination of the related Servicing Agreement and the pursuit of other appropriate remedies, shall be in such form and carried out to such an extent and at such time as the Master Servicer, in its good faith business judgment, would require were it the owner of the related Mortgage Loans. The Master Servicer shall pay the costs of such enforcement at its own expense, provided that the Master Servicer shall not be required to prosecute or defend any legal action except to the extent that the Master Servicer shall have received reasonable indemnity for its costs and expenses in pursuing such action. (c) To the extent that the costs and expenses of the Master Servicer related to any termination of a Servicer, appointment of a successor servicer or the transfer and assumption of servicing by the Master Servicer with respect to the related Servicing Agreement (including, without limitation, (i) all out of pocket legal costs and expenses and all due diligence costs and expenses associated with an evaluation of the potential termination of a Servicer as a result of an event of default by such Servicer and (ii) all costs and expenses associated with the complete transfer of servicing, including all servicing files and all servicing data and the completion, correction or manipulation of such servicing data as may be required by the successor servicer to correct any errors or insufficiencies in the servicing data or otherwise to enable the successor service to service the Mortgage Loans in accordance with the related Servicing Agreement) are not fully and timely reimbursed by the terminated Servicer, the Master Servicer shall be entitled to reimbursement of such costs and expenses from the Payment Account. (d) The Master Servicer shall require the Servicers to comply with the remittance requirements and other obligations set forth in the related Servicing Agreement. (e) If the Master Servicer acts as a Servicer, it will not assume liability for the representations and warranties of the Servicer, if any, that it replaces. Section 3.03. Fidelity Bond . The Master Servicer, at its expense, shall maintain in effect a blanket fidelity bond and an errors and omissions insurance policy, affording coverage with respect to all directors, officers, employees and other Persons acting on such Master Servicer’s behalf, and covering errors and omissions in the performance of the Master Servicer’s obligations hereunder. The errors and omissions insurance policy and the fidelity bond shall be in such form and amount generally acceptable for entities serving as master servicers or trustees. Section 3.04. Power to Act; Procedures . The Master Servicer shall master service the Mortgage Loans and shall have full power and authority to do any and all things that it may deem necessary or desirable in connection with the master servicing and administration of the Mortgage Loans, including but not limited to the power and authority (i) to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Issuer, Noteholders and the Indenture Trustee, customary consents or waivers and other instruments and documents, (ii) to consent to transfers of any Mortgaged Property and assumptions of the Mortgage Notes and related Mortgages, (iii) to collect any Insurance Proceeds and Liquidation Proceeds, and (iv) to effectuate foreclosure or other conversion of the ownership of the Mortgaged Property securing any Mortgage Loan, in each case, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the related Servicing Agreement, as applicable. The Indenture Trustee shall furnish the Master Servicer, upon written request from a Servicing Officer, with any powers of attorney empowering the Master Servicer or the related Servicer to execute and deliver instruments of satisfaction or cancellation, or of partial or full release or discharge, and to foreclose upon or otherwise liquidate Mortgaged Property, and to appeal, prosecute or defend in any court action relating to the Mortgage Loans or the Mortgaged Property, in accordance with the related Servicing Agreement and this Agreement, and the Indenture Trustee shall execute and deliver such other documents, as the Master Servicer may request, to enable the Master Servicer to master service and administer the Mortgage Loans and carry out its duties hereunder, in each case in accordance with Accepted Master Servicing Practices (and the Indenture Trustee shall have no liability for use or misuse of any such powers of attorney by the Master Servicer or the Servicer)). If the Master Servicer or the Indenture Trustee has been advised that it is likely that the laws of the state in which action is to be taken prohibit such action if taken in the name of the Indenture Trustee or that the Indenture Trustee would be adversely affected under the “doing business” or tax laws of such state if such action is taken in its name, the Master Servicer shall join with the Indenture Trustee in the appointment of a co-trustee pursuant to Section 6.11 of the Indenture. In the performance of its duties hereunder, the Master Servicer shall be an independent contractor and shall not, except in those instances where it is taking action in the name of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, be deemed to be the agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee. Section 3.05. Due-on-Sale Clauses; Assumption Agreements . To the extent provided in the related Servicing Agreement, to the extent Mortgage Loans contain enforceable due-on-sale clauses, the Master Servicer shall cause the related Servicer to enforce such clauses in accordance with the related Servicing Agreement. If applicable law prohibits the enforcement of a due-on-sale clause or such clause is otherwise not enforced in accordance with the related Servicing Agreement, and, as a consequence, a Mortgage Loan is assumed, the original Mortgagor may be released from liability in accordance with the related Servicing Agreement. Section 3.06. Release of Mortgage Files . (a) Upon becoming aware of the payment in full of any Mortgage Loan, or the receipt by the related Servicer of a notification that payment in full has been escrowed in a manner customary for such purposes for payment to Noteholders on the next Payment Date, the related Servicer will, if required under the related Servicing Agreement, promptly furnish to the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian on its behalf two copies of a certification substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto signed by a Servicing Officer or in a mutually agreeable electronic format which will, in lieu of a signature on its face, originate from a Servicing Officer (which certification shall include a statement to the effect that all amounts received in connection with such payment that are required to be deposited in the Protected Account maintained by such Servicer pursuant to the related Servicing Agreement have been so deposited) and shall request that the Indenture Trustee deliver or cause the Custodian to deliver to such Servicer the related Mortgage File. Upon receipt of such certification and request, the Indenture Trustee shall promptly release or cause the Custodian to release the related Mortgage File to the related Servicer and the Indenture Trustee shall have no further responsibility with regard to such Mortgage File. Upon any such payment in full, the related Servicer is authorized, to give, as agent for the Indenture Trustee, as the mortgagee under the Mortgage that secured the Mortgage Loan, an instrument of satisfaction (or assignment of mortgage without recourse) regarding the Mortgaged Property subject to the Mortgage, which instrument of satisfaction or assignment, as the case may be, shall be delivered to the Person or Persons entitled thereto against receipt therefor of such payment, it being understood and agreed that no expenses incurred in connection with such instrument of satisfaction or assignment, as the case may be, shall be chargeable to the Protected Account. (b) From time to time and as appropriate for the servicing or foreclosure of any Mortgage Loan and in accordance with the related Servicing Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall execute such documents as shall be prepared and furnished to the Indenture Trustee by the Servicers or the Master Servicer (in form reasonably acceptable to the Indenture Trustee) and as are necessary to the prosecution of any such proceedings. The Indenture Trustee shall, upon the request of the related Servicer or the Master Servicer, and delivery to the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian on its behalf, of two copies of a request for release signed by a Servicing Officer substantially in the form of Exhibit B (or in a mutually agreeable electronic format which will, in lieu of a signature on its face, originate from a Servicing Officer), release or cause the Custodian to release the related Mortgage File held in its or the Custodian’s possession or control to the related Servicer or the Master Servicer, as applicable. The related Servicer or the Master Servicer shall be obligated to return the Mortgage File to the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian when the need therefor by such Servicer or the Master Servicer, as it reasonably determines, no longer exists unless the Mortgage Loan shall be liquidated, in which case, upon receipt of a certificate of a Servicing Officer similar to that hereinabove specified, the Mortgage File shall be released by the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian to the related Servicer or the Master Servicer. Section 3.07. Documents, Records and Funds in Possession of Master Servicer To Be Held for Issuer and Indenture Trustee . (a) The Master Servicer shall transmit and the Servicers (to the extent required by the related Servicing Agreement) shall transmit to the Indenture Trustee such documents and instruments coming into the possession of the Master Servicer or the Servicers from time to time as are required by the terms hereof, or in the case of the Servicers, the related Servicing Agreement, to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee. Any funds received by the Master Servicer or by any Servicer in respect of any Mortgage Loan or which otherwise are collected by the Master Servicer or by any Servicer as Liquidation Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds in respect of any Mortgage Loan shall be held for the benefit of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee subject to the Master Servicer’s right to retain or withdraw from the Payment Account the Master Servicing Compensation and other amounts provided in this Agreement and the right of each Servicer to retain its Servicing Fee and other amounts as provided in the related Servicing Agreement. The Master Servicer shall, and (to the extent provided in the related Servicing Agreement) shall cause each Servicer to, provide access to information and documentation regarding the related Mortgage Loans to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, and their respective agents and accountants at any time upon reasonable request and during normal business hours, and to Noteholders that are savings and loan associations, banks or insurance companies, the Office of Thrift Supervision, the FDIC and the supervisory agents and examiners of such Office and Corporation or examiners of any other federal or state banking or insurance regulatory authority if so required by applicable regulations of the Office of Thrift Supervision or other regulatory authority, such access to be afforded without charge but only upon reasonable request in writing and during normal business hours at the offices of the Master Servicer designated by it. In fulfilling such a request the Master Servicer shall not be responsible for determining the sufficiency of such information. (b) All Mortgage Files and funds collected or held by, or under the control of, the Master Servicer, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, whether from the collection of principal and interest payments or from Liquidation Proceeds or Insurance Proceeds, shall be held by the Master Servicer for and on behalf of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders and shall be and remain the sole and exclusive property of the Issuer, subject to the pledge to the Indenture Trustee; provided, however, that the Master Servicer and the Servicers shall be entitled to setoff against, and deduct from, any such funds any amounts that are properly due and payable to the Master Servicer or the Servicer under this Agreement or the related Servicing Agreement. Section 3.08. Standard Hazard Insurance and Flood Insurance Policies . (a) For each Mortgage Loan, the Master Servicer shall enforce any obligation of the Servicers under the related Servicing Agreement to maintain or cause to be maintained standard fire and casualty insurance and, where applicable, flood insurance, all in accordance with the provisions of the related Servicing Agreement. It is understood and agreed that such insurance shall be with insurers meeting the eligibility requirements set forth in the related Servicing Agreement and that no earthquake or other additional insurance is to be required of any Mortgagor or to be maintained on property acquired in respect of a defaulted loan, other than pursuant to such applicable laws and regulations as shall at any time be in force and as shall require such additional insurance. (b) Pursuant to Section 4.01 and 4.02, any amounts collected by the related Servicer or the Master Servicer, under any insurance policies (other than amounts to be applied to the restoration or repair of the property subject to the related Mortgage or released to the Mortgagor in accordance with the related Servicing Agreement) shall be deposited into the Payment Account, subject to withdrawal pursuant to Section 4.02 and 4.03. Any cost incurred by the Master Servicer or any Servicer in maintaining any such insurance if the Mortgagor defaults in its obligation to do so shall be added to the amount owing under the Mortgage Loan where the terms of the Mortgage Loan so permit; provided, however, that the addition of any such cost shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating the distributions to be made to Noteholders and shall be recoverable by the Master Servicer or such Servicer pursuant to Section 4.02 and 4.03. Section 3.09. Presentment of Claims and Collection of Proceeds . The Master Servicer shall (to the extent provided in the related Servicing Agreement) cause the related Servicer to prepare and present on behalf of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders all claims under the Insurance Policies and take such actions (including the negotiation, settlement, compromise or enforcement of the insured’s claim) as shall be necessary to realize recovery under such policies. Any proceeds disbursed to the Master Servicer (or disbursed to any Servicer and remitted to the Master Servicer) in respect of such policies, bonds or contracts shall be promptly deposited in the Payment Account upon receipt, except that any amounts realized that are to be applied to the repair or restoration of the related Mortgaged Property as a condition precedent to the presentation of claims on the related Mortgage Loan to the insurer under any applicable Insurance Policy need not be so deposited (or remitted). Section 3.10. Maintenance of the Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies . (a) The Master Servicer shall not take, or permit any Servicer (to the extent such action is prohibited under the related Servicing Agreement) to take, any action that would result in noncoverage under any applicable Primary Mortgage Insurance Policy of any loss which, but for the actions of the Master Servicer or such Servicer, would have been covered thereunder. The Master Servicer shall use its best reasonable efforts to cause the Servicers (to the extent required under the related Servicing Agreement) to keep in force and effect (to the extent that the Mortgage Loan requires the Mortgagor to maintain such insurance), primary mortgage insurance applicable to each Mortgage Loan in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the related Servicing Agreement, as applicable. The Master Servicer shall not, and shall not permit the Servicers (to the extent required under the related Servicing Agreement) to, cancel or refuse to renew any such Primary Mortgage Insurance Policy that is in effect at the date of the initial issuance of the Mortgage Note and is required to be kept in force hereunder except in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the related Servicing Agreement, as applicable. (b) The Master Servicer agrees to cause the Servicers (to the extent required under the related Servicing Agreement) to present, on behalf of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders, claims to the insurer under any Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies and, in this regard, to take such reasonable action as shall be necessary to permit recovery under any Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies respecting defaulted Mortgage Loans. Pursuant to Section 4.01 and 4.02, any amounts collected by the Master Servicer or the Servicers under any Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies shall be deposited in the Payment Account, subject to withdrawal pursuant to Sections 4.02 and 4.03. Section 3.11. Indenture Trustee to Retain Possession of Certain Insurance Policies and Documents . The related Servicer or the Indenture Trustee shall retain or shall cause the Custodian to retain possession and custody of the originals (to the extent available) of any Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies, or certificate of insurance if applicable, and any certificates of renewal as to the foregoing as may be issued from time to time as contemplated by this Agreement. Until all amounts distributable in respect of the Notes have been distributed in full and the Indenture has been satisfied and discharged in accordance with Section 4.10 of the Indenture, the related Servicer or the Indenture Trustee shall also retain, or shall cause the Custodian to retain, possession and custody of each Mortgage File in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Master Servicer shall promptly deliver or cause to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee upon the execution or receipt thereof the originals of any Primary Mortgage Insurance Policies, any certificates of renewal, and such other documents or instruments that constitute portions of the Mortgage File that come into the possession of the Master Servicer from time to time. Section 3.12. Realization Upon Defaulted Mortgage Loans . For each Mortgage Loan that comes into and continues in default and as to which no satisfactory arrangements can be made for collection of delinquent payments, the Master Servicer shall cause the Servicers (to the extent required under the related Servicing Agreement) to either (i) foreclose upon, repossess or otherwise comparably convert the ownership of Mortgaged Properties securing such Mortgage Loans, all in accordance with the related Servicing Agreement or (ii) as an alternative to foreclosure, sell such defaulted Mortgage Loans at fair market value to third-parties, if such Servicer reasonably believes that such sale would maximize proceeds to the Trust (on a present value basis) with respect to those Mortgage Loans. The related Servicer shall be responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by it in any such proceedings or sale; provided, however, that such costs and expenses will be recoverable as servicing advances by the related Servicer as contemplated in Section 4.05. Section 3.13. Compensation for the Master Servicer . On each Payment Date the Master Servicer will be entitled to three business days of income and gain realized from any investment of funds in the Payment Account, pursuant to Article IV, for the performance of its activities hereunder and the Master Servicer will be entitled to a master servicing fee rate of 0.01% per annum (the “Master Servicer Compensation”). The Seller will be entitled to the remaining days of income and gain realized from any investment of funds in the Payment Account. Servicing compensation in the form of assumption fees, if any, late payment charges, as collected, if any, or otherwise (including any prepayment premium or penalty) shall be retained by the related Servicer and shall not be deposited in the Protected Account. The Master Servicer shall be required to pay all expenses incurred by it in connection with its activities hereunder and shall not be entitled to reimbursement therefor except as provided in this Agreement. Section 3.14. REO Property . (a) In the event the Trust Estate acquires ownership of any REO Property in respect of any related Mortgage Loan, the deed or certificate of sale shall be issued to the Indenture Trustee, or to its nominee, on behalf of the Noteholders. The Master Servicer shall, to the extent provided in the related Servicing Agreement, cause the Servicers to sell any REO Property as expeditiously as possible and in accordance with the provisions of the related Servicing Agreement, as applicable. Pursuant to its efforts to sell such REO Property, the Master Servicer shall cause the Servicers to protect and conserve, such REO Property in the manner and to the extent required by the related Servicing Agreement. (b) The Master Servicer shall, to the extent required by the related Servicing Agreement, cause the Servicers to deposit all funds collected and received in connection with the operation of any REO Property in the Protected Account. (c) The Master Servicer and the Servicers, upon the final disposition of any REO Property, shall be entitled to reimbursement for any related unreimbursed Monthly Advances and other unreimbursed advances as well as any unpaid Servicing Fees from Liquidation Proceeds received in connection with the final disposition of such REO Property; provided, that any such unreimbursed Monthly Advances as well as any unpaid Servicing Fees may be reimbursed or paid, as the case may be, prior to final disposition, out of any net rental income or other net amounts derived from such REO Property. (d) To the extent provided in the related Servicing Agreement, the Liquidation Proceeds from the final disposition of the REO Property, net of any payment to the Master Servicer and the related Servicer as provided above shall be deposited in the Protected Account on or prior to the Determination Date in the month following receipt thereof and be remitted by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the Master Servicer for deposit into the Payment Account on the next succeeding Servicer Remittance Date. Section 3.15. Annual Officer’s Certificate as to Compliance . (a) The Master Servicer shall deliver to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agencies on or before March 1 of each year, commencing on March 1, 2006, an Officer’s Certificate, certifying that with respect to the period ending December 31 of the prior year: (i) such Servicing Officer has reviewed the activities of such Master Servicer during the preceding calendar year or portion thereof and its performance under this Agreement, (ii) to the best of such Servicing Officer’s knowledge, based on such review, such Master Servicer has performed and fulfilled its duties, responsibilities and obligations under this Agreement in all material respects throughout such year, or, if there has been a default in the fulfillment of any such duties, responsibilities or obligations, specifying each such default known to such Servicing Officer and the nature and status thereof, (iii) nothing has come to the attention of such Servicing Officer to lead such Servicing Officer to believe that the related Servicer has failed to perform any of their duties, responsibilities and obligations under the related Servicing Agreement in all material respects throughout such year, or, if there has been a material default in the performance or fulfillment of any such duties, responsibilities or obligations, specifying each such default known to such Servicing Officer and the nature and status thereof. (b) Copies of such statements shall be provided to any Noteholder upon request, by the Master Servicer or by the Indenture Trustee at the Master Servicer’s expense if the Master Servicer failed to provide such copies (unless (i) the Master Servicer shall have failed to provide the Indenture Trustee with such statement or (ii) the Indenture Trustee shall be unaware of the Master Servicer’s failure to provide such statement). Section 3.16. Annual Independent Accountant’s Servicing Report . If the Master Servicer has, during the course of any fiscal year, directly serviced any of the Mortgage Loans, then the Master Servicer at its expense shall cause a nationally recognized firm of independent certified public accountants to furnish a statement to the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee, the Rating Agencies and the Depositor on or before March 1 of each year, commencing on March 1, 2006 to the effect that, with respect to the most recently ended fiscal year, such firm has examined certain records and documents relating to the Master Servicer’s performance of its servicing obligations under this Agreement and pooling and servicing and trust agreements in material respects similar to this Agreement and to each other and that, on the basis of such examination conducted substantially in compliance with the audit program for mortgages serviced for Freddie Mac or the Uniform Single Attestation Program for Mortgage Bankers, such firm is of the opinion that the Master Servicer’s activities have been conducted in compliance with this Agreement, or that such examination has disclosed no material items of noncompliance except for (i) such exceptions as such firm believes to be immaterial, (ii) such other exceptions as are set forth in such statement and (iii) such exceptions that the Uniform Single Attestation Program for Mortgage Bankers or the Audit Program for Mortgages Serviced by Freddie Mac requires it to report. Copies of such statements shall be provided to any Noteholder upon request by the Master Servicer, or by the Indenture Trustee at the expense of the Master Servicer if the Master Servicer shall fail to provide such copies. If such report discloses exceptions that are material, the Master Servicer shall advise the Indenture Trustee whether such exceptions have been or are susceptible of cure, and will take prompt action to do so. Section 3.17. Reports Filed with Securities and Exchange Commission . Within 15 days after each Payment Date, the Securities Administrator shall, in accordance with industry standards, file with the Commission via the Electronic Data Gathering and Retrieval System (“EDGAR”), a Form 8-K (or other comparable Form containing the same or comparable information or other information mutually agreed upon) with a copy of the statement to the Noteholders for such Payment Date as an exhibit thereto. Prior to January 30 in any year, the Securities Administrator shall, in accordance with industry standards and only if instructed by the Depositor, file a Form 15 Suspension Notice with respect to the Trust Estate, if applicable. Prior to (i) March 15, 2006 and (ii) unless and until a Form 15 Suspension Notice shall have been filed, prior to March 15 of each year thereafter, the Master Servicer shall provide the Securities Administrator with a Master Servicer Certification, together with a copy of the annual independent accountant’s servicing report and annual statement of compliance of each Servicer, in each case, required to be delivered pursuant to the related Servicing Agreement, and, if applicable, the annual independent accountant’s servicing report and annual statement of compliance to be delivered by the Master Servicer pursuant to Sections 3.15 and 3.16. Prior to (i) March 31, 2006, or such earlier filing date as may be required by the Commission, and (ii) unless and until a Form 15 Suspension Notice shall have been filed, March 31 of each year thereafter, or such earlier filing date as may be required by the Commission, the Securities Administrator shall file a Form 10-K, in substance conforming to industry standards, with respect to the Trust. Such Form 10-K shall include the Master Servicer Certification and other documentation provided by the Master Servicer pursuant to the second preceding sentence. The Depositor hereby grants to the Securities Administrator a limited power of attorney to execute and file each such document on behalf of the Depositor. Such power of attorney shall continue until either the earlier of (i) receipt by the Securities Administrator from the Depositor of written termination of such power of attorney and (ii) the termination of the Trust Estate. The Depositor agrees to promptly furnish to the Securities Administrator, from time to time upon request, such further information, reports and financial statements within its control related to this Agreement and the Mortgage Loans as the Securities Administrator reasonably deems appropriate to prepare and file all necessary reports with the Commission. The Securities Administrator shall have no responsibility to file any items other than those specified in this Section 3.17; provided, however, the Securities Administrator will cooperate with the Depositor and the Issuer in connection with any additional filings with respect to the Trust Estate as the Depositor deems necessary under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Fees and expenses incurred by the Securities Administrator in connection with this Section 3.17 shall not be reimbursable from the Trust Estate. Section 3.18. UCC . The Depositor shall inform the Indenture Trustee in writing of any Uniform Commercial Code financing statements that were filed on the Closing Date in connection with the Trust Estate with stamped recorded copies of such financing statements to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee promptly upon receipt by the Depositor. If directed by the Depositor in writing, the Indenture Trustee will execute any continuation statements prepared by the Depositor and deliver them as directed solely at the expense of the Depositor. The Depositor shall file any financing statements or amendments thereto required by any change in the Uniform Commercial Code. Section 3.19. Reserved . Section 3.20. Monthly Advances . If the Scheduled Payment on a Mortgage Loan that was due on a related Due Date is delinquent other than as a result of application of the Relief Act and for which the related Servicer was required to make an advance pursuant to the related Servicing Agreement exceeds the amount deposited in the Payment Account which will be used for an advance with respect to such Mortgage Loan, the Master Servicer will deposit in the Payment Account not later than the related Payment Account Deposit Date immediately preceding the related Payment Date an amount equal to such deficiency, net of the Servicing Fee for such Mortgage Loan except to the extent the Master Servicer determines any such advance to be a Nonrecoverable Advance. Subject to the foregoing, the Master Servicer shall continue to make such advances through the date that the Servicer is required to do so under the related Servicing Agreement. If the Master Servicer deems an advance to be a Nonrecoverable Advance, on the Payment Account Deposit Date, the Master Servicer shall present an Officer’s Certificate to the Securities Administrator (i) stating that the Master Servicer elects not to make a Monthly Advance in a stated amount and (ii) detailing the reason it deems the advance to be a Nonrecoverable Advance. Section 3.21. Compensating Interest Payments . The Master Servicer shall deposit in the Payment Account not later than each Payment Account Deposit Date an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the sum of the aggregate amounts required to be paid by the Servicers under the related Servicing Agreement with respect to subclauses (a) and (b) of the definition of Interest Shortfalls with respect to the Mortgage Loans for the related Prepayment Period, and not so paid by the related Servicer and (ii) the Master Servicing Compensation for such Payment Date (such amount, the “Compensating Interest Payment”). The Master Servicer shall not be entitled to any reimbursement of any Compensating Interest Payment. ARTICLE IV Accounts Section 4.01. Protected Accounts . (a) The Master Servicer shall enforce the obligation of the Servicer to establish and maintain a Protected Account in accordance with the related Servicing Agreement, with records to be kept with respect thereto on a Mortgage Loan by Mortgage Loan basis, into which account shall be deposited within two (2) Business Days (or as of such other time specified in the related Servicing Agreement) of receipt, all collections of principal and interest on any Mortgage Loan and any REO Property received by the Servicers, including Principal Prepayments, Insurance Proceeds, Liquidation Proceeds, and advances made from the Servicers’ own funds (less servicing compensation as permitted by the related Servicing Agreement) and all other amounts to be deposited in the related Protected Account. Each Protected Account shall be an Eligible Account. Each Servicer is hereby authorized to make withdrawals from and deposits to the related Protected Account for purposes required or permitted by this Agreement. To the extent provided in the related Servicing Agreement, the Protected Account shall be held by a Designated Depository Institution and segregated on the books of such institution in the name of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. (b) To the extent provided in the related Servicing Agreement, amounts on deposit in the Protected Account may be invested in Permitted Investments in the name of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of Noteholders and, except as provided in the preceding paragraph, not commingled with any other funds. Such Permitted Investments shall mature, or shall be subject to redemption or withdrawal, no later than the date on which such funds are required to be withdrawn for deposit in the Payment Account, and shall be held until required for such deposit. The income earned from Permitted Investments made pursuant to this Section 4.01 shall be paid to related Servicer under the related Servicing Agreement, and the risk of loss of moneys required to be distributed to the Noteholders resulting from such investments shall be borne by and be the risk of the related Servicer. The related Servicer (to the extent required by the related Servicing Agreement) shall deposit the amount of any such loss in the Protected Account within two Business Days of receipt of notification of such loss but not later than the second Business Day prior to the Payment Date on which the moneys so invested are required to be distributed to the Noteholders. (c) To the extent required by the related Servicing Agreement and subject to this Article IV, on or before each Servicer Remittance Date, the Servicers shall withdraw or shall cause to be withdrawn from its Protected Account and shall immediately deposit or cause to be deposited in the Payment Account amounts representing the following collections and payments (other than with respect to principal of or interest on the Mortgage Loans due on or before the Cut-off Date): (i) Scheduled Payments on the Mortgage Loans received or any related portion thereof advanced by the Servicers pursuant to the related Servicing Agreement which were due on or before the related Due Date, net of the amount thereof comprising the Servicing Fee or any fees with respect to any lender-paid primary mortgage insurance policy; (ii) Principal Prepayments in full and any Liquidation Proceeds received by the related Servicer with respect to the related Mortgage Loans in the related Prepayment Period, with interest to the date of prepayment or liquidation, net of the amount thereof comprising the Servicing Fee; (iii) Principal Prepayments in part received by Countrywide for the Mortgage Loans in the related Prepayment Period; and (iv) Any amount to be used as a Monthly Advance. (d) Withdrawals may be made from the Protected Account only to make remittances as provided in Section 4.01(c), 4.02 and 4.03; to reimburse the Master Servicer or the Servicers for Monthly Advances which have been recovered by subsequent collections from the related Mortgagor; to remove amounts deposited in error; to remove fees, charges or other such amounts deposited on a temporary basis; or to clear and terminate the account at the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 7.10. As provided in Sections 4.01(a) and 4.02(b) certain amounts otherwise due to the related Servicer may be retained by it and need not be deposited in the Payment Account. Section 4.02. Payment Account . (a) The Securities Administrator shall establish and maintain in the name of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, the Payment Account as a segregated trust account or accounts. (b) All amounts deposited to the Payment Account shall be held by the Securities Administrator in the name of the Indenture Trustee in trust for the benefit of the Noteholders in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Agreement. (a) The Payment Account shall constitute a non-interest bearing trust account of the Trust Estate segregated on the books of the Securities Administrator and held by the Securities Administrator in trust, and the Payment Account and the funds deposited therein shall not be subject to, and shall be protected from, all claims, liens, and encumbrances of any creditors or depositors of the Securities Administrator (whether made directly, or indirectly through a liquidator or receiver of the Securities Administrator). The Payment Account shall be an Eligible Account. (b) The amount at any time credited to the Payment Account shall be (i) held in cash or (ii) invested, in the name of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, but only in Permitted Investments as directed by Master Servicer. All Permitted Investments shall mature or be subject to redemption or withdrawal on or before, and shall be held until, the next succeeding Payment Date if the obligor for such Permitted Investment is the Securities Administrator, or if such obligor is any other Person, the Business Day preceding such Payment Date. All investment earnings on amounts on deposit in the Payment Account or benefit from funds uninvested therein from time to time shall be for the account of the Master Servicer. The Securities Administrator shall remit all investment earnings from the Payment Account to the Master Servicer on each Payment Date. If there is any loss on a Permitted Investment, the Master Servicer shall remit the amount of the loss to the Securities Administrator who shall deposit such amount in the Payment Account. (c) The Securities Administrator or its Affiliates are permitted to receive additional compensation that could be deemed to be in the Securities Administrator’s economic self-interest for (i) servicing as investment advisor, administrator, shareholder, servicing agent, custodian or sub-custodian with respect to certain of the Permitted Investments, (ii) using Affiliates to effect transactions in certain Permitted Investments and (iii) effecting transactions in certain Permitted Investments. Such compensation shall not be considered an amount that is reimbursable or payable pursuant to Section 4.05. Section 4.03. Permitted Withdrawals and Transfers from the Payment Account . (a) The Securities Administrator will, from time to time on demand of the Master Servicer, make or cause to be made such withdrawals or transfers from the Payment Account as the Master Servicer has designated for such transfer or withdrawal pursuant to this Agreement and the related Servicing Agreement or as the Securities Administrator has instructed hereunder for the following purposes (limited in the case of amounts due the Master Servicer to those not withdrawn from the Master Servicer Collection Account as certified by the Securities Administrator in accordance with the terms of this Agreement but not in any order of priority): (i) to reimburse the Master Servicer or the related Servicer for any Monthly Advance of its own funds, the right of the Master Servicer or the related Servicer to reimbursement pursuant to this subclause (i) being limited to amounts received on a particular Mortgage Loan (including, for this purpose, the Repurchase Price therefor, Insurance Proceeds and Liquidation Proceeds) which represent late payments or recoveries of the principal of or interest on such Mortgage Loan respecting which such Monthly Advance was made; (ii) to reimburse the Master Servicer or the related Servicer from Insurance Proceeds or Liquidation Proceeds relating to a particular Mortgage Loan for amounts expended by the Master Servicer or the related Servicer in good faith in connection with the restoration of the related Mortgaged Property which was damaged by an Uninsured Cause or in connection with the liquidation of such Mortgage Loan; (iii) to reimburse the Master Servicer or the related Servicer from Insurance Proceeds relating to a particular Mortgage Loan for insured expenses incurred with respect to such Mortgage Loan and to reimburse the Master Servicer or the Servicer from Liquidation Proceeds from a particular Mortgage Loan for Liquidation Expenses incurred with respect to such Mortgage Loan; provided that the Master Servicer shall not be entitled to reimbursement for Liquidation Expenses with respect to a Mortgage Loan to the extent that (i) any amounts with respect to such Mortgage Loan were paid as Excess Liquidation Proceeds pursuant to clause (viii) of this Subsection 4.05 (a) to the Master Servicer; and (ii) such Liquidation Expenses were not included in the computation of such Excess Liquidation Proceeds; (iv) to reimburse the Master Servicer or the related Servicer for advances of funds (other than Monthly Advances) made with respect to the Mortgage Loans, and the right to reimbursement pursuant to this subclause being limited to amounts received on the related Mortgage Loan (including, for this purpose, the Repurchase Price therefor, Insurance Proceeds and Liquidation Proceeds) which represent late recoveries of the payments for which such advances were made; (v) to reimburse the Master Servicer or the related Servicer for any Monthly Advance or advance, after a Realized Loss has been allocated with respect to the related Mortgage Loan if the Monthly Advance or advance has not been reimbursed pursuant to clauses (i) and (iv); (vi) to pay the Master Servicer as set forth in Section 3.13; provided however, that the Master Servicer shall be obligated to pay from its own funds any amounts which it is required to pay under Section 5.03; (vii) to reimburse the Master Servicer for expenses, costs and liabilities incurred by and reimbursable to it pursuant to Sections 3.02, 5.04(c) and (d), to the extent that the Master Servicer has not already reimbursed itself for such amounts from the Master Servicer Collection Account; (viii) to pay to the Master Servicer, as additional servicing compensation, any Excess Liquidation Proceeds to the extent not retained by the related Servicer; (ix) to reimburse or pay the related Servicer any such amounts as are due thereto under the related Servicing Agreement and have not been retained by or paid to the related Servicer, to the extent provided in the related Servicing Agreement; (x) to reimburse or pay the Indenture Trustee, the Seller, the Owner Trustee and the Securities Administrator any amounts due (including compensation) or expenses, costs and liabilities incurred by or reimbursable to it pursuant to this Agreement, the Indenture and the Trust Agreement, to the extent such amounts have not already been previously paid or reimbursed to such party from the Master Servicer Collection Account; (xi) to remove amounts deposited in error; and (xii) to clear and terminate the Payment Account pursuant to Section 7.10. (b) The Master Servicer shall keep and maintain separate accounting, on a Mortgage Loan by Mortgage Loan basis, for the purpose of accounting for any reimbursement from the Payment Account pursuant to subclauses (i) through (iv) or with respect to any such amounts which would have been covered by such subclauses had the amounts not been retained by the Master Servicer without being deposited in the Payment Account under Section 4.02(b). (c) On each Payment Date, pursuant to Section 3.03 of the Indenture, the Securities Administrator shall distribute the Available Funds to the extent on deposit in the Payment Account to the Holders of the Notes, in accordance with Section 3.03 of the Indenture. ARTICLE V The Master Servicer Section 5.01. Liabilities of the Master Servicer . The Master Servicer shall be liable in accordance herewith only to the extent of the obligations specifically imposed upon and undertaken by it herein. Section 5.02. Merger or Consolidation of the Master Servicer . (a) The Master Servicer will keep in full force and effect its existence, rights and franchises as a corporation under the laws of the state of its incorporation, and will obtain and preserve its qualification to do business as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Agreement, the Notes or any of the Mortgage Loans and to perform its duties under this Agreement. (b) Any Person into which the Master Servicer may be merged or consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Master Servicer shall be a party, or any Person succeeding to the business of the Master Servicer, shall be the successor of the Master Servicer hereunder, without the execution or filing of any paper or further act on the part of any of the parties hereto, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding. Section 5.03. Indemnification of the Indenture Trustee, Owner Trustee, the Master Servicer and the Securities Administrator . The Master Servicer agrees to indemnify the Indenture Trustee, Owner Trustee and Securities Administrator (each an “Indemnified Person”) for, and to hold them harmless against, any loss, liability or expense (including reasonable legal fees and disbursements of counsel) incurred on their part that may be sustained in connection with, arising out of, or relating to, any claim or legal action (including any pending or threatened claim or legal action) relating to this Agreement, the Indenture, the Servicing Agreements, the Assignment Agreements or the Notes or the powers of attorney delivered by the Indenture Trustee hereunder (i) related to the Master Servicer’s failure to perform its duties in compliance with this Agreement (except as any such loss, liability or expense shall be otherwise reimbursable pursuant to this Agreement) or (ii) incurred by reason of the Master Servicer’s willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of duties hereunder or by reason of reckless disregard of obligations and duties hereunder, provided, in each case, that with respect to any such claim or legal action (or pending or threatened claim or legal action), the Indemnified Person shall have given the Master Servicer and the Depositor written notice thereof promptly after such Indemnified Person shall have with respect to such claim or legal action knowledge thereof. The Master Servicer’s failure to receive any such notice shall not affect an Indemnified Persons’ right to indemnification hereunder, except to the extent the Master Servicer is materially prejudiced by such failure to give notice. This indemnity shall survive the resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee, Owner Trustee, Master Servicer and the Securities Administrator and the termination of this Agreement. The Seller agrees to indemnify the Owner Trustee for any loss, liability or expense for which the Depositor is required to indemnify the Owner Trustee pursuant to Section 7.02 of the Trust Agreement, other than (x) any loss liability or expense required to be covered by the Master Servicer pursuant to this Section 5.03 (y) and any loss, liability or expense already paid by the Depositor in accordance with Section 7.02 of the Trust Agreement. Section 5.04. Limitations on Liability of the Master Servicer and Others . Subject to the obligation of the Master Servicer to indemnify the Indemnified Persons pursuant to Section 5.03: (a) Neither the Master Servicer nor any of the directors, officers, employees or agents of the Master Servicer shall be under any liability to the Indemnified Persons, the Depositor, the Trust Estate or the Noteholders for taking any action or for refraining from taking any action in good faith pursuant to this Agreement, or for errors in judgment; provided, however, that this provision shall not protect the Master Servicer or any such Person against any breach of warranties or representations made herein or any liability which would otherwise be imposed by reason of such Person’s willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of duties or by reason of reckless disregard of obligations and duties hereunder. (b) The Master Servicer and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Master Servicer may rely in good faith on any document of any kind prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person respecting any matters arising hereunder. (c) The Master Servicer and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Master Servicer shall be indemnified by the Trust Estate and held harmless thereby against any loss, liability or expense (including reasonable legal fees and disbursements of counsel) incurred on their part that may be sustained in connection with, arising out of, or related to, any claim or legal action (including any pending or threatened claim or legal action) relating to this Agreement, the Indenture, the Notes or the related Servicing Agreement (except to the extent that the Master Servicer is indemnified by the Servicer thereunder), other than (i) any such loss, liability or expense related to the Master Servicer’s failure to perform its duties in compliance with this Agreement (except as any such loss, liability or expense shall be otherwise reimbursable pursuant to this Agreement), or (ii) any such loss, liability or expense incurred by reason of the Master Servicer’s willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of duties hereunder or by reason of reckless disregard of obligations and duties hereunder. (d) The Master Servicer shall not be under any obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any legal action that is not incidental to its duties under this Agreement and that in its opinion may involve it in any expense or liability; provided, however, the Master Servicer may in its discretion undertake any such action which it may deem necessary or desirable with respect to this Agreement or the Indenture and the rights and duties of the parties hereto and the interests of the Noteholders hereunder and thereunder. In such event, the legal expenses and costs of such action and any liability resulting therefrom shall be expenses, costs and liabilities of the Trust Estate, and the Master Servicer shall be entitled to be reimbursed therefor out of the Payment Account as provided by Section 4.03. Nothing in this Subsection 5.04(d) shall affect the Master Servicer’s obligation to supervise, or to take such actions as are necessary to ensure, the servicing and administration of the Mortgage Loans pursuant to Subsection 3.01(a). (e) In taking or recommending any course of action pursuant to this Agreement, unless specifically required to do so pursuant to this Agreement, the Master Servicer shall not be required to investigate or make recommendations concerning potential liabilities which the Trust Estate might incur as a result of such course of action by reason of the condition of the Mortgaged Properties but shall give written notice to the Indenture Trustee if it has notice of such potential liabilities. (f) The Master Servicer shall not be liable for any acts or omissions of the Servicer, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. Section 5.05. Master Servicer Not to Resign . Except as provided in Section 5.07, the Master Servicer shall not resign from the obligations and duties hereby imposed on it except upon a determination that any such duties hereunder are no longer permissible under applicable law and such impermissibility cannot be cured. Any such determination permitting the resignation of the Master Servicer shall be evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer to such effect delivered to the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer. No such resignation by the Master Servicer shall become effective until the Indenture Trustee or a successor to the Master Servicer reasonably satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee shall have assumed the responsibilities and obligations of the Master Servicer in accordance with Section 6.02 hereof. The Indenture Trustee shall notify the Rating Agencies of the resignation of the Master Servicer. Any resignation of the Master Servicer shall result in the automatic resignation of the Securities Administrator. Section 5.06. Successor Master Servicer . In connection with the appointment of any successor master servicer or the assumption of the duties of the Master Servicer or the Indenture Trustee may make such arrangements for the compensation of such successor master servicer out of payments on the Mortgage Loans as the Indenture Trustee and such successor master servicer shall agree. If the successor master servicer does not agree that such market value is a fair price, such successor master servicer shall obtain two quotations of market value from third parties actively engaged in the servicing of single-family mortgage loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the compensation payable to a successor master servicer may not exceed the compensation which the Master Servicer would have been entitled to retain if the Master Servicer had continued to act as Master Servicer hereunder. Section 5.07. Sale and Assignment of Master Servicing . The Master Servicer may sell and assign its rights and delegate its duties and obligations in its entirety as Master Servicer under this Agreement and the Seller may terminate the Master Servicer without cause and select a new Master Servicer; provided, however, that: (i) the purchaser or transferee accepting such assignment and delegation (a) shall be a Person which shall be qualified to service mortgage loans for Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac; (b) shall have a net worth of not less than $10,000,000 (unless otherwise approved by each Rating Agency pursuant to clause (ii) below); (c) shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee and Seller (as evidenced in a writing signed by the Indenture Trustee and Seller); and (d) shall execute and deliver to the Indenture Trustee an agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, which contains an assumption by such Person of the due and punctual performance and observance of each covenant and condition to be performed or observed by it as master servicer under this Agreement; (ii) each Rating Agency shall be given prior written notice of the identity of the proposed successor to the Master Servicer and each Rating Agency’s rating of the Notes in effect immediately prior to such assignment, sale and delegation will not be downgraded, qualified or withdrawn as a result of such assignment, sale and delegation, as evidenced by a letter to such effect delivered to the Master Servicer, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee; (iii) the Master Servicer assigning and selling the master servicing shall deliver to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, each stating that all conditions precedent to such action under this Agreement have been completed and such action is permitted by and complies with the terms of this Agreement; and (iv) in the event the Master Servicer is terminated without cause by the Seller, the Seller shall pay the terminated Master Servicer a termination fee equal to 0.25% of the aggregate Scheduled Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans at the time the master servicing of the Mortgage Loans is transferred to the successor Master Servicer. No such assignment or delegation shall affect any liability of the Master Servicer arising prior to the effective date thereof. ARTICLE VI Default Section 6.01. Master Servicer Events of Default . “Master Servicer Event of Default,” wherever used herein, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such Master Servicer Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body) and only with respect to the defaulting Master Servicer: (i) The Master Servicer fails to cause to be deposited in the Payment Account any amount so required to be deposited pursuant to this Agreement (other than a Monthly Advance), and such failure continues unremedied for a period of three Business Days after the date upon which written notice of such failure, requiring the same to be remedied, shall have been given to the Master Servicer; or (ii) The Master Servicer fails to observe or perform in any material respect any other material covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement to be performed by it, which covenants and agreements materially affect the rights of Noteholders, and such failure continues unremedied for a period of 60 days after the date on which written notice of such failure, properly requiring the same to be remedied, shall have been given to the Master Servicer by the Indenture Trustee or to the Master Servicer and the Indenture Trustee by the Holders of Notes aggregating at least 25% of the Note Principal Balance of the Notes; or (iii) There is entered against the Master Servicer a decree or order by a court or agency or supervisory authority having jurisdiction in the premises for the appointment of a conservator, receiver or liquidator in any insolvency, readjustment of debt, marshaling of assets and liabilities or similar proceedings, or for the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order is unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days, or an involuntary case is commenced against the Master Servicer under any applicable insolvency or reorganization statute and the petition is not dismissed within 60 days after the commencement of the case; or (iv) The Master Servicer consents to the appointment of a conservator or receiver or liquidator in any insolvency, readjustment of debt, marshaling of assets and liabilities or similar proceedings of or relating to the Master Servicer or substantially all of its property; or the Master Servicer admits in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, files a petition to take advantage of any applicable insolvency or reorganization statute, makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or voluntarily suspends payment of its obligations; (v) The Master Servicer assigns or delegates its duties or rights under this Agreement in contravention of the provisions permitting such assignment or delegation under Sections 5.05 or 5.07; or (vi) The Master Servicer fails to deposit, or cause to be deposited, in the Payment Account any Monthly Advance (other than a Nonrecoverable Advance) by 5:00 p.m. New York City time on the Payment Account Deposit Date. In each and every such case, so long as such Master Servicer Event of Default with respect to the Master Servicer shall not have been remedied, either the Indenture Trustee or the Holders of Notes aggregating at least 51% of the Note Principal Balance of the Notes, by notice in writing to the Master Servicer (and to the Indenture Trustee if given by such Noteholders), with a copy to the Rating Agencies, and with the consent of the Seller, may terminate all of the rights and obligations (but not the liabilities) of the Master Servicer under this Agreement and in and to the Mortgage Loans and/or the REO Property serviced by the Master Servicer and the proceeds thereof. Upon the receipt by the Master Servicer of the written notice, all authority and power of the Master Servicer under this Agreement, whether with respect to the Notes, the Mortgage Loans, REO Property or under any other related agreements (but only to the extent that such other agreements relate to the Mortgage Loans or related REO Property) shall, subject to Section 6.02, automatically and without further action pass to and be vested in the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section 6.01; and, without limitation, the Indenture Trustee is hereby authorized and empowered to execute and deliver, on behalf of the Master Servicer as attorney-in-fact or otherwise, any and all documents and other instruments and to do or accomplish all other acts or things necessary or appropriate to effect the purposes of such notice of termination, whether to complete the transfer and endorsement or assignment of the Mortgage Loans and related documents, or otherwise. The Master Servicer agrees to cooperate with the Indenture Trustee in effecting the termination of the Master Servicer’s rights and obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, the transfer to the Indenture Trustee of (i) the property and amounts which are then or should be part of the Trust Estate or which thereafter become part of the Trust Estate; and (ii) originals or copies of all documents of the Master Servicer reasonably requested by the Indenture Trustee to enable it to assume the Master Servicer’s duties thereunder. In addition to any other amounts which are then, or, notwithstanding the termination of its activities under this Agreement, may become payable to the Master Servicer under this Agreement, the Master Servicer shall be entitled to receive, out of any amount received on account of a Mortgage Loan or related REO Property, that portion of such payments which it would have received as reimbursement under this Agreement if notice of termination had not been given. The termination of the rights and obligations of the Master Servicer shall not affect any obligations incurred by the Master Servicer prior to such termination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Event of Default described in clause (vi) of this Section 6.01 shall occur of which a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has received written notice or has actual knowledge, the Indenture Trustee shall, by notice in writing to the Master Servicer, which may be delivered by telecopy, immediately terminate all of the rights and obligations of the Master Servicer thereafter arising under this Agreement, but without prejudice to any rights it may have as a Noteholder or to reimbursement of Monthly Advances and other advances of its own funds, and the Indenture Trustee shall thereupon become the successor Master Servicer as provided in Section 6.02 and carry out the duties of the Master Servicer, including the obligation to make any Monthly Advance the nonpayment of which was an Event of Default described in clause (vi) of this Section 6.01. Any such action taken by the Indenture Trustee must be prior to the distribution on the relevant Payment Date. (b) Indenture Trustee to Act; Appointment of Successor . (c) Upon the receipt by the Master Servicer of a notice of termination pursuant to Section 6.01 or an Opinion of Counsel pursuant to Section 5.05 to the effect that the Master Servicer is legally unable to act or to delegate its duties to a Person which is legally able to act, the Indenture Trustee shall automatically become the successor in all respects to the Master Servicer in its capacity under this Agreement and the transactions set forth or provided for herein and shall thereafter be subject to all the responsibilities, duties, liabilities and limitations on liabilities relating thereto placed on the Master Servicer by the terms and provisions hereof; provided, however, that the Seller shall have the right to either (a) immediately assume the duties of the Master Servicer or (b) select a successor Master Servicer; provided further, however, that the Indenture Trustee shall have no obligation whatsoever with respect to any liability (including advances deemed recoverable and not previously made with respect to the relevant Payment Date giving rise to the Master Servicer Event of Default which shall be made by such successor Master Servicer) incurred by the Master Servicer at or prior to the time of termination. As compensation therefor, but subject to Section 5.06, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to compensation which the Master Servicer would have been entitled to retain if the Master Servicer had continued to act hereunder, except for those amounts due the Master Servicer as reimbursement permitted under this Agreement for advances previously made or expenses previously incurred. Notwithstanding the above, the Indenture Trustee may, if it shall be unwilling so to act, or shall, if it is legally unable so to act, appoint or petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint, any established housing and home finance institution which is a Fannie Mae- or Freddie Mac-approved servicer, and with respect to a successor to the Master Servicer only, having a net worth of not less than $10,000,000, as the successor to the Master Servicer hereunder in the assumption of all or any part of the responsibilities, duties or liabilities of the Master Servicer hereunder; provided, that the Indenture Trustee shall obtain a letter from each Rating Agency that the ratings, if any, on each of the Notes will not be lowered as a result of the selection of the successor to the Master Servicer. Pending appointment of a successor to the Master Servicer hereunder, the Indenture Trustee shall be the successor and act in such capacity as hereinabove provided. In connection with such appointment and assumption, the Indenture Trustee may make such arrangements for the compensation of such successor out of payments on the Mortgage Loans as it and such successor shall agree; provided, however, that the provisions of Section 5.06 shall apply, the compensation shall not be in excess of that which the Master Servicer would have been entitled to if the Master Servicer had continued to act hereunder, and that such successor shall undertake and assume the obligations of the Master Servicer to pay compensation to any third Person acting as an agent or independent contractor in the performance of master servicing responsibilities hereunder. The Indenture Trustee and such successor shall take such action, consistent with this Agreement, as shall be necessary to effectuate any such succession. To the extent that the costs and expenses of the Indenture Trustee related to any termination of the Master Servicer or appointment of a successor to the Master Servicer (including, without limitation all out of pocket legal costs and expenses and all due diligence costs and expenses associated with an evaluation of the potential termination of the Master Servicer) are not fully and timely reimbursed by the terminated Master Servicer, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to reimbursement of such costs and expenses from the Payment Account. Section 6.02. Indenture Trustee to Act; Appointment of Successor . (a) If the Indenture Trustee shall succeed to any duties of the Master Servicer respecting the Mortgage Loans as provided herein, it shall do so in a separate capacity and not in its capacity as Indenture Trustee and, accordingly, the provisions of Article VI of the Indenture shall be inapplicable to the Indenture Trustee in its duties as the successor to the Master Servicer in the servicing of the Mortgage Loans (although such provisions shall continue to apply to the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as Indenture Trustee); the provisions of Article V, however, shall apply to it in its capacity as successor master servicer. Section 6.03. Notification to Noteholders . Upon any termination or appointment of a successor to the Master Servicer, the Indenture Trustee shall give prompt written notice thereof to Noteholders at their respective addresses appearing in the Note Register and to the Rating Agencies. Section 6.04. Waiver of Defaults . The Indenture Trustee shall transmit by mail to all Noteholders, within 60 days after the occurrence of any Master Servicer Event of Default of which a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee received written notice or has actual knowledge, unless such Master Servicer Event of Default shall have been cured, notice of each such Master Servicer Event of Default. The Holders of Notes aggregating at least 51% of the Note Principal Balance of the Notes may, on behalf of all Noteholders, waive any default by the Master Servicer in the performance of its obligations hereunder and the consequences thereof, except a default in the making of or the causing to be made any required distribution on the Notes, which default may only be waived by Holders of Notes aggregating 100% of the Note Principal Balance of the Notes, provided that in connection with such waiver, any outstanding expenses, reimbursements or indemnities owed to the Indenture Trustee have been paid or reimbursed. Upon any such waiver of a past default, such default shall be deemed to cease to exist, and any Master Servicer Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been timely remedied for every purpose of this Agreement. No such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon except to the extent expressly so waived. The Indenture Trustee shall give notice of any such waiver to the Rating Agencies. ARTICLE VII Miscellaneous Provisions Section 7.01. Amendment . (a) This Agreement may be amended from time to time by the Issuer, the Seller, the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator and the Indenture Trustee, without notice to or the consent of any of the Noteholders, to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provisions herein or therein that may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions herein or therein, to comply with any changes in the Code or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Agreement which shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement; provided, however, that such action shall not, as evidenced by an Opinion of Counsel, addressed to the Indenture Trustee, adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any Noteholder. (b) This Agreement may also be amended from time to time by the Issuer, the Seller, the Master Servicer, the Depositor, the Securities Administrator and the Indenture Trustee, with the consent of the Holders of Notes aggregating at least 51% of Note Principal Balance of the Notes, for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders; provided, however, that no such amendment shall (i) reduce in any manner the amount of, or delay the timing of, payments received on Mortgage Loans which are required to be distributed on any Note without the consent of the Holder of such Note or (ii) reduce the aforesaid percentage of Notes the Holders of which are required to consent to any such amendment, without the consent of the Holders of all Notes then outstanding. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, for purposes of the giving or withholding of consents pursuant to this Section 7.01(b), Notes registered in the name of or held for the benefit of the Issuer, the Depositor, the Securities Administrator, the Seller, the Master Servicer, or the Indenture Trustee or any Affiliate thereof shall be entitled to vote their Percentage Interests with respect to matters affecting such Notes. (c) Promptly after the execution of any such amendment, the Indenture Trustee shall furnish a copy of such amendment or written notification of the substance of such amendment to each Noteholder, with a copy to the Rating Agencies. (d) In the case of an amendment under Subsection 7.01(b) above, it shall not be necessary for the Noteholders to approve the particular form of such an amendment. Rather, it shall be sufficient if the Noteholders approve the substance of the amendment. The manner of obtaining such consents and of evidencing the authorization of the execution thereof by Noteholders shall be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Indenture Trustee may prescribe. (e) Prior to the execution of any amendment to this Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to receive and rely upon an Opinion of Counsel addressed to the Indenture Trustee stating that the execution of such amendment is authorized or permitted by this Agreement. The Indenture Trustee, the Seller, the Master Servicer and the Securities Administrator may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such amendment which affects its own respective rights, duties or immunities under this Agreement. Section 7.02. Recordation of Agreement . To the extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement is subject to recordation in all appropriate public offices for real property records in all the counties or other comparable jurisdictions in which any or all of the Mortgaged Properties are situated, and in any other appropriate public recording office or elsewhere. The Depositor shall effect such recordation, at the expense of the Trust Estate upon the request in writing of a Noteholder, but only if such direction is accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel (provided at the expense of the Noteholder requesting recordation) to the effect that such recordation would materially and beneficially affect the interests of the Noteholders or is required by law. Section 7.03. Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTES SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW, WHICH THE PARTIES HERETO EXPRESSLY RELY UPON IN THE CHOICE OF SUCH LAW AS THE GOVERNING LAW HEREUNDER) AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. Section 7.04. Notices . All demands and notices hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered at (including delivery by facsimile) or mailed by registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by recognized overnight courier, to (i) in the case of the Depositor, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, Attention: General Counsel, or to such other address as may hereafter be furnished to the other parties hereto in writing; (ii) in the case of the Indenture Trustee, at the Corporate Trust Office or such other address as may hereafter be furnished to the other parties hereto in writing; (iii) in the case of the Seller, One Market Street, Spear Tower, 30th Floor, San Francisco, California 94105, or to such other address as may hereafter be furnished to the other parties hereto in writing; (iv) in the case of the Master Servicer or Securities Administrator, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., P.O. Box 98, Columbia Maryland 21046 (or, in the case of overnight deliveries, 9062 Old Annapolis Road, Columbia, Maryland 21045) (Attention: Corporate Trust Services – Bear Stearns ARM Trust 2005-9), facsimile no.: (410) 715-2380, or such other address as may hereafter be furnished to the other parties hereto in writing; or (v) in the case of the Issuer, to Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1 c/o Chase Bank USA, National Association, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, FL3/OPS4, Newark, DE 19713; Attention: Worldwide Securities Services, or such other address as may hereafter be furnished to the other parties hereto in writing; (vi) in the case of the Owner Trustee, to Chase Bank USA, National Association, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, FL3/OPS4, Newark, DE 19713; Attention: Worldwide Securities Services; or such other address as may hereafter be furnished to the other parties hereto in writing; and (vii) in the case of the Rating Agencies, Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041 and Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., 99 Church Street, New York, New York 10007. Any notice delivered to the Depositor, the Master Servicer, the Securities Administrator, the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer or the Owner Trustee under this Agreement shall be effective only upon receipt. Any notice required or permitted to be mailed to a Noteholder, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be given by first-class mail, postage prepaid, at the address of such Noteholder as shown in the Note Register. Any notice so mailed within the time prescribed in this Agreement shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given when mailed, whether or not the Noteholder receives such notice. Section 7.05. Severability of Provisions . If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement shall be for any reason whatsoever held invalid, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severed from the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of this Agreement and shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement or of the Notes or the rights of the Noteholders thereof. Section 7.06. Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto, the Noteholders and their respective successors and assigns. The Indenture Trustee shall have the right to exercise all rights of the Issuer under this Agreement. Section 7.07. Article and Section Headings . The article and section headings herein are for convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. Section 7.08. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Section 7.09. Notice to Rating Agencies . The Indenture Trustee shall promptly provide notice to each Rating Agency with respect to each of the following of which a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has actual knowledge or written notice: a) Any material change or amendment to this Agreement; b) The occurrence of any Master Servicer Event of Default that has not been cured; c) The resignation or termination of the Master Servicer, the Indenture Trustee or the Securities Administrator; and d) Any change in the location of the Payment Account. Section 7.10. Termination . The respective obligations and responsibilities of the parties hereto created hereby shall terminate upon the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture pursuant to Section 4.10 thereof and, if applicable, the optional redemption of the Notes pursuant to Section 8.07 thereof. Upon the presentation and surrender of the Notes, the Securities Administrator shall distribute to the remaining Noteholders, in accordance with their respective interests, all distributable amounts remaining in the Payment Account. Upon deposit by the Master Servicer of such distributable amounts, and following such final Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee shall, or shall cause the Custodian to, release promptly to the Issuer or its designee the Mortgage Files for the remaining Mortgage Loans and the Payment Account shall terminate, subject to the Securities Administrator’s obligation to hold any amounts payable to the Noteholders in trust without interest pending final distributions pursuant to the Indenture. Section 7.11. No Petition . Each party to this Agreement (and with respect to Wells Fargo, solely in its capacities as Master Servicer and Securities Administrator and not in its individual or corporate capacity) by entering into this Agreement, hereby covenants and agrees that it will not at any time institute against the Issuer, or join in any institution against the Issuer, any bankruptcy proceedings under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations of the Issuer. This section shall survive the termination of this Agreement by one year. Section 7.12. No Recourse . The Master Servicer acknowledges that no recourse may be had against the Issuer, except as may be expressly set forth in this Agreement. Section 7.13. Additional Terms Regarding Indenture . The Indenture Trustee shall have only such duties and obligations under this Agreement as are expressly set forth herein, and no implied duties on its part shall be read into this Agreement. In entering into and acting under this Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to all of the rights, immunities, indemnities and other protections set forth in Article VI of the Indenture. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Depositor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Indenture Trustee, the Master Servicer and the Securities Administrator have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC., as Depositor By: /s/ Joseph T. Jurkowski, Jr. Name: Joseph T. Jurkowski, Jr. Title: Vice President LUMINENT MORTGAGE TRUST 2005-1, as Issuer By: /s/ Christopher J. Zyda Name: Christopher J. Zyda Title: Chief Financial Officer By: CHASE BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee By: /s/ Christopher J. Zyda Name: Christopher J. Zyda Title: Chief Financial Officer By: /s/ Diane P. Ledger Name: Diane P. Ledger Title: Assistant Vice President LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Indenture Trustee By: /s/ Susan L. Abbott Name: Susan L. Abbott Title: Assistant Vice President MERCURY MORTGAGE FINANCE STATUTORY TRUST, as Seller By: /s/ Christopher J. Zyda Name: Christopher J. Zyda Title: Trustee WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Master Servicer By: /s/ Stacey Taylor Name: Stacey Taylor Title: Vice President WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Securities Administrator By: /s/ Stacey Taylor Name: Stacey Taylor Title: Vice President STATE OF NEW YORK ) ) ss.: COUNTY OF NEW YORK ) On the 2 nd day of November, 2005 before me, a notary public in and for said State, personally appeared ________________, known to me to be a Vice President of Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., the corporation that executed the within instrument, and also known to me to be the person who executed it on behalf of said corporation, and acknowledged to me that such corporation executed the within instrument. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and year in this certificate first above written. ______________________________________ Notary Public [Notarial Seal] STATE OF DELAWARE ) ) ss.: COUNTY OF _____________ ) On the 2 nd day of November, 2005 before me, a notary public in and for said State, personally appeared _________________, known to me to be a(n) _______________ of Chase Bank USA, National Association, the entity that executed the within instrument, and also known to me to be the person who executed it on behalf of said entity, and acknowledged to me that such entity executed the within instrument. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and year in this certificate first above written. ______________________________________ Notary Public [Notarial Seal] STATE OF ___________ ) ) ss.: COUNTY OF __________ ) On the 2 nd day of November, 2005 before me, a notary public in and for said State, personally appeared ____________________, known to me to be a ________________ of LaSalle Bank National Association, the entity that executed the within instrument, and also known to me to be the person who executed it on behalf of said entity, and acknowledged to me that such entity executed the within instrument. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and year in this certificate first above written. ______________________________________ Notary Public [Notarial Seal] STATE OF MARYLAND ) ) ss.: COUNTY OF HOWARD ) On the 2 nd day of November, 2005 before me, a notary public in and for said State, personally appeared _______________, known to me to be a ____________ of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., the entity that executed the within instrument, and also known to me to be the person who executed it on behalf of said entity, and acknowledged to me that such entity executed the within instrument. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and year in this certificate first above written. ______________________________________ Notary Public [Notarial Seal] STATE OF ____________ ) ) ss.: COUNTY OF _____________ ) On the 2 nd day of November, 2005 before me, a notary public in and for said State, personally appeared _______________, known to me to be an ___________________ of Mercury Mortgage Finance Statutory Trust, the corporation that executed the within instrument, and also known to me to be the person who executed it on behalf of said corporation, and acknowledged to me that such corporation executed the within instrument. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal the day and year in this certificate first above written. ______________________________________ Notary Public [Notarial Seal] EXHIBIT A MORTGAGE LOAN SCHEDULE [PROVIDED UPON REQUEST] EXHIBIT B REQUEST FOR RELEASE OF DOCUMENTS To: LaSalle Bank National Association (the “Indenture Trustee”) 135 S. LaSalle St., Suite 1625 Chicago, IL 60603 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the “Custodian”) 9062 Old Annapolis Road Columbia, Maryland 21045 RE: Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2005 (the “Sale and Servicing Agreement”), among Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1 as Issuer, Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., as Depositor, LaSalle Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Securities Administrator and Master Servicer and Mercury Mortgage Finance Statutory Trust, as Seller. In connection with the administration of the Mortgage Loans held by the Custodian for the benefit of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the above-captioned Sale and Servicing Agreement, we request the release, and hereby acknowledge receipt, of the Mortgage File for the Mortgage Loan described below, for the reason indicated. This release will not invalidate any insurance coverage provided in respect of the Mortgage Loan under any of the Insurance Policies. Mortgage Loan Number : Mortgagor Name, Address & Zip Code : Reason for Requesting Documents (check one) : ____ 1. Mortgage Paid in Full and proceeds have been deposited into the Payment Account ____ 2. Foreclosure ____ 3. Substitution ____ 4. Other Liquidation ____ 5. Nonliquidation Reason:_________________________ ____ 6. California Mortgage Loan paid in full By: (authorized signer) Issuer: Address: Date: a) EXHIBIT C COUNTRYWIDE SERVICING AGREEMENT [Provided Upon Request] EXHIBIT D COUNTRYWIDE ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT [Provided Upon Request] EXHIBIT E EMC SERVICING AGREEMENT EXHIBIT F EMC ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT [Provided Upon Request] EXHIBIT G PHH SERVICING AGREEMENT EXHIBIT H PHH ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT [Provided Upon Request] EXHIBIT I FORM OF MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of November 2, 2005, as amended and supplemented by any and all amendments hereto (collectively, the “ Agreement ”), by and between MERCURY MORTGAGE FINANCE STATUTORY TRUST, a Maryland Business Trust (the “ Mortgage Loan Seller ”) and STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC., a Delaware corporation (the “ Purchaser ”). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Mortgage Loan Seller agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase, certain conventional, first lien mortgage loans secured primarily by one- to four-family residential properties and individual condominium units (collectively, the “ Mortgage Loans ”) as described herein. The Purchaser has established Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the “Issuer”) pursuant to a Short Form Trust Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2005, as amended and restated on November 2, 2005 (the “Trust Agreement”), among the Purchaser, Chase Bank U.S.A., National Association (the “Owner Trustee”) and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the “Securities Administrator”). The Purchaser intends to sell the Mortgage Loans to the Issuer pursuant to a Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2005 (the “Sale and Servicing Agreement”) among the Purchaser, the Issuer, the Mortgage Loan Seller, LaSalle Bank National Association, as indenture trustee (the “Indenture Trustee”) and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as securities administrator (in such capacity, the “Securities Administrator”) and as master servicer (in such capacity, the “Master Servicer”). The Issuer, pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2005 (the “Indenture”) among the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Securities Administrator intends to pledge the Mortgage Loans to the Indenture Trustee and, issue and transfer to the Purchaser the Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, Mortgage-Backed Notes, Series 2005-1 and the Certificates issued pursuant to the Trust Agreement (the “Certificates”). The Certificates will be transferred by the Purchaser to the Mortgage Loan Seller or its designee as partial consideration for the sale of the Mortgage Loans. The Master Servicer will master service the Mortgage Loans on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The servicing of the Mortgage Loans will be provided by Countrywide Home Loans Servicing LP, EMC Mortgage Corporation and PHH Mortgage Corporation pursuant to the related Servicing Agreements as specified in Appendix A to the Indenture which (other than with respect to certain rights of the Mortgage Loan Seller against the servicer) will be assigned to the Issuer on the Closing Date pursuant to the Assignment Agreement. The representations and warranties made by the related Underlying Seller and the remedies for breach thereof will be assigned to the Issuer on the Closing Date pursuant to, and to the extent provided in the related Assignment Agreement. The Purchaser has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ Commission ”) a registration statement on Form S-3 (Number 333-120916) relating to its Mortgage-Backed Notes and the offering of certain series thereof (including certain classes of the Notes) from time to time in accordance with Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the “ Securities Act ”). Such registration statement, when it became effective under the Securities Act, and the prospectus relating to the public offering of certain classes of the Notes by the Purchaser (the “ Public Offering ”), as each may be amended or supplemented from time to time pursuant to the Securities Act or otherwise, are referred to herein as the “ Registration Statement” and the “ Prospectus ,” respectively. The “ Prospectus Supplement ” shall mean that supplement, dated November 1, 2005, to the Prospectus, dated December 20, 2004, relating to certain classes of the Notes. With respect to the Public Offering of certain classes of the Notes, the Purchaser, Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. (“ Bear Stearns ”) and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (“ Morgan Stanley ”) have entered into a terms agreement dated as of November 1, 2005 to an underwriting agreement dated November 1, 2005, among the Purchaser, Bear Stearns and Morgan Stanley (together, the “ Underwriting Agreement ”). Now, therefore, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. Definitions . Certain terms are defined herein. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in Appendix A to the Indenture. The following other terms are defined as follows: Acquisition Price : Cash in an amount equal to $[ * . ] (plus $[ * . ] in accrued interest) and the Certificates issued pursuant to the Trust Agreement. Bear Stearns : Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. Co-op Lease : With respect to a Co-op Loan, the lease with respect to a dwelling unit occupied by the Mortgagor and relating to the stock allocated to the related dwelling unit. Co-op Loan : A Mortgage Loan secured by the pledge of stock allocated to a dwelling unit in a residential cooperative housing corporation and a collateral assignment of the related Co-op Lease. Co-op Stock : With respect to a Co-op Loan, the single outstanding class of stock, partnership interest or other ownership instrument in the related residential cooperative housing corporation. Deleted Mortgage Loan : A Mortgage Loan replaced or to be replaced by a Substitute Mortgage Loan. Due Date : With respect to each Mortgage Loan, the date in each month on which its scheduled payment is due if such due date is the first day of a month and otherwise is deemed to be the first day of the following month or such other date specified in the Wells Fargo Servicing Agreement. Master Servicer : Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. MERS : Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, or any successor thereto. _________________________ 1 Please contact Bear Stearns for pricing information. 2 Please contact Bear Stearns for pricing information. MERS® System : The system of recording transfers of Mortgages electronically maintained by MERS. Moody’s : Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., or its successors in interest. Mortgage : The mortgage or deed of trust creating a first lien on an interest in real property securing a Mortgage Note. Mortgage File : The items referred to in Exhibit 1 pertaining to a particular Mortgage Loan and any additional documents required to be added to such documents pursuant to this Agreement. Mortgage Interest Rate : The annual rate of interest borne by a Mortgage Note as stated therein. Mortgagor : The obligor(s) on a Mortgage Note. Net Rate : For each Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage Interest Rate for such Mortgage Loan less the Servicing Fee Rate and the Lender-Paid PMI Rate (if applicable) expressed as a per annum rate. Opinion of Counsel : A written opinion of counsel, who may be counsel for the Mortgage Loan Seller or the Purchaser, reasonably acceptable to the Indenture Trustee. Person : Any legal person, including any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. Purchase Price : With respect to any Mortgage Loan (or any property acquired with respect thereto) required to be repurchased by the Mortgage Loan Seller pursuant to this Agreement, an amount equal to the sum of (i)(a) 100% of the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Mortgage Loan as of the date of repurchase (or if the related Mortgaged Property was acquired with respect thereto, 100% of the Outstanding Principal Balance at the date of the acquisition), plus (b) accrued but unpaid interest on the Outstanding Principal Balance at the related Mortgage Interest Rate, through and including the last day of the month of repurchase, plus (c) any unreimbursed Monthly Advances and servicing advances payable to the Servicer of the Mortgage Loan and (ii) any costs and damages (if any) incurred by the Trust in connection with any violation of such Mortgage Loan of any anti-predatory lending laws. Rating Agencies : Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s, each a “ Rating Agency .” Securities Act : The Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Security Instrument : A written instrument creating a valid first lien on a Mortgaged Property securing a Mortgage Note, which may be any applicable form of mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt or security deed, including any riders or addenda thereto. Standard & Poor’s : Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or its successors in interest. Subsequent Cut-off Date : November 1, 2005. Subsequent Cut-off Date Balance : $34,069,913.42. Subsequent Transfer Date : November 17, 2005. Substitute Mortgage Loan : A mortgage loan substituted for a Deleted Mortgage Loan which must meet, on the date of such substitution, the requirements stated herein and in the Sale and Servicing Agreement with respect to such substitution; upon such substitution, such mortgage loan shall be a “Mortgage Loan” hereunder. Value : The value of the Mortgaged Property at the time of origination of the related Mortgage Loan, such value being the lesser of (i) the value of such property set forth in an appraisal accepted by the applicable originator of the Mortgage Loan or (ii) the sales price of such property at the time of origination. SECTION 2. Purchase and Sale of the Mortgage Loans and Related Rights . (a) Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 10 hereof, the Mortgage Loan Seller agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase Mortgage Loans having an aggregate outstanding principal balance as of the Cut-off Date equal to the Cut-off Date Balance of $34,069,913.42. (b) The closing for the purchase and sale of the Mortgage Loans and the closing for the issuance of the Notes will take place on the Closing Date at the office of the Purchaser’s counsel in New York, New York or such other place as the parties shall agree. (c) Upon the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 10 hereof, on the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall pay to the Mortgage Loan Seller the cash portion of the Acquisition Price for the Mortgage Loans in immediately available funds by wire transfer to such account or accounts as shall be designated by the Mortgage Loan Seller and shall deliver the Certificates to the Mortgage Loan Seller or its designee. (d) In addition to the foregoing, on the Closing Date the Mortgage Loan Seller assigns to the Purchaser all of its right, title and interest in the Servicing Agreements. SECTION 3. Mortgage Loan Schedules . The Mortgage Loan Seller agrees to provide to the Purchaser as of the date hereof a preliminary listing of the Mortgage Loans (the “ Preliminary Mortgage Loan Schedule ”) setting forth the information listed on Exhibit 2 to this Agreement with respect to each of the Mortgage Loans being sold by the Mortgage Loan Seller. If there are changes to the Preliminary Mortgage Loan Schedule, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall provide to the Purchaser as of the Closing Date a final schedule (the “ Final Mortgage Loan Schedule ”) setting forth the information listed on Exhibit 2 to this Agreement with respect to each of the Mortgage Loans being sold by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Purchaser. The Final Mortgage Loan Schedule shall be delivered to the Purchaser on the Closing Date, shall be attached to an amendment to this Agreement to be executed on the Closing Date by the parties hereto and shall be in form and substance mutually agreed to by the Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser (the “ Amendment ”). If there are no changes to the Preliminary Mortgage Loan Schedule, the Preliminary Mortgage Loan Schedule shall be the Final Mortgage Loan Schedule for all purposes hereof. SECTION 4. Mortgage Loan Transfer . (a) The Purchaser will be entitled to all scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Mortgage Loans due after the Cut-off Date (regardless of when actually collected) and all payments thereon, other than scheduled principal and interest due on or before the Cut-off Date but received after the Cut-off Date. The Mortgage Loan Seller will be entitled to all scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Mortgage Loans due on or before the Cut-off Date (including payments collected after the Cut-off Date) and all payments thereon, other than scheduled principal and interest due after the Cut-off Date but received on or before the Cut-off Date. Such principal amounts and any interest thereon belonging to the Mortgage Loan Seller as described above will not be included in the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Mortgage Loans as of the Cut-off Date as set forth on the Final Mortgage Loan Schedule. (b) Pursuant to various conveyancing documents to be executed on the Closing Date and pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Purchaser will sell, assign and transfer on the Closing Date all of its right, title and interest in and to the Mortgage Loans to the Issuer and, pursuant to the Indenture, the Issuer will assign all of its right, title and interest to the Mortgage Loans to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, to secure the Notes issued pursuant to the Indenture. In connection with such transfers and assignments of the Mortgage Loans, the Mortgage Loan Seller has delivered or will deliver or cause to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee no later than three Business Days prior to the Subsequent Transfer Date, or the Custodian on its behalf, by the Closing Date or such later date as is agreed to by the Purchaser and the Mortgage Loan Seller (each of the Closing Date and such later date is referred to as a “ Mortgage File Delivery Date ”), the items of each Mortgage File, provided , however , that in lieu of the foregoing, the Mortgage Loan Seller may deliver the following documents, under the circumstances set forth below: (i) in lieu of the original Security Instrument (including the Mortgage), assignments to the Indenture Trustee or intervening assignments thereof which have been delivered, are being delivered or will, upon receipt of recording information relating to the Security Instruments required to be included thereon, be delivered to recording offices for recording and have not been returned to the Mortgage Loan Seller in time to permit their delivery as specified above, the Mortgage Loan Seller may deliver a true copy thereof with a certification by the Mortgage Loan Seller, on the face of such copy, substantially as follows: “Certified to be a true and correct copy of the original, which has been transmitted for recording”: (ii) in lieu of the Security Instrument, assignments to the Indenture Trustee or intervening assignments thereof, if the applicable jurisdiction retains the originals of such documents (as evidenced by a certification from the Mortgage Loan Seller to such effect) the Mortgage Loan Seller may deliver photocopies of such documents containing an original certification by the judicial or other governmental authority of the jurisdiction where such documents were recorded; (iii) in lieu of the Mortgage Notes relating to the Mortgage Loans, each identified in the list delivered by the Purchaser to the Indenture Trustee on the Closing Date and attached hereto as Exhibit 5, the Mortgage Loan Seller may deliver lost note affidavits and indemnities of the Mortgage Loan Seller; and (iv) the Mortgage Loan Seller shall not be required to deliver intervening assignments or Mortgage Note endorsements between the related Underlying Seller and the Mortgage Loan Seller, between the Mortgage Loan Seller and the Depositor, between the Depositor and the Issuer and between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee; and provided further, however, that in the case of Mortgage Loans which have been prepaid in full after the Cut-off Date and prior to the Closing Date, the Mortgage Loan Seller, in lieu of delivering the above documents, may deliver to the Indenture Trustee and the Custodian a certification by the Mortgage Loan Seller or the Master Servicer to such effect and shall deposit all amounts paid in respect of such Mortgage Loans in the Master Servicer Collection Account on the Closing Date. The Mortgage Loan Seller shall deliver such original documents (including any original documents as to which certified copies had previously been delivered) or such certified copies to the Indenture Trustee promptly after they are received. The Mortgage Loan Seller shall cause the Mortgage and intervening assignments, if any, and the assignment of the Security Instrument to be recorded not later than 180 days after the Closing Date, unless such assignment is not required to be recorded under the terms set forth in Section 6(a) hereof. (c) In connection with the assignment of any Mortgage Loan registered on the MERS® System, the Mortgage Loan Seller further agrees that it will cause, at the Mortgage Loan Seller’s own expense, within 30 days after the Closing Date, the MERS® System to indicate that such Mortgage Loans have been assigned by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Purchaser, by the Purchaser to the Issuer and by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee in accordance with this Agreement for the benefit of the Noteholders by including (or deleting, in the case of Mortgage Loans which are repurchased in accordance with this Agreement) in such computer files (a) the code in the field which identifies the specific Indenture Trustee and (b) the code in the field “Pool Field” which identifies the series of the Notes issued in connection with such Mortgage Loans. The Mortgage Loan Seller further agrees that it will not, and will not permit any Servicer or the Master Servicer to alter the codes referenced in this paragraph with respect to any Mortgage Loan during the term of the Indenture unless and until such Mortgage Loan is repurchased in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. (d) The Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser acknowledge hereunder that all of the Mortgage Loans and the related servicing will ultimately be assigned to LaSalle Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, on the date hereof. SECTION 5. Examination of Mortgage Files . (a) On or before the Mortgage File Delivery Date, the Mortgage Loan Seller will have made the Mortgage Files available to the Purchaser or its agent for examination which may be at the offices of the Indenture Trustee or the Mortgage Loan Seller and/or the Mortgage Loan Seller’s custodian. The fact that the Purchaser or its agent has conducted or has failed to conduct any partial or complete examination of the Mortgage Files shall not affect the Purchaser’s rights to demand cure, repurchase, substitution or other relief as provided in this Agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall make the Mortgage Files available to the Purchaser or its agent from time to time so as to permit the Purchaser to confirm the Mortgage Loan Seller’s compliance with the delivery and recordation requirements of this Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement. In addition, upon request of the Purchaser, the Mortgage Loan Seller agrees to provide to the Purchaser, Bear Stearns and to any investors or prospective investors in the Notes information regarding the Mortgage Loans and their servicing, to make the Mortgage Files available to the Purchaser, Bear Stearns and to such investors or prospective investors (which may be at the offices of the Mortgage Loan Seller and/or the Mortgage Loan Seller’s custodian) and to make available personnel knowledgeable about the Mortgage Loans for discussions with the Purchaser, Bear Stearns and such investors or prospective investors, upon reasonable request during regular business hours, sufficient to permit the Purchaser, Bear Stearns and such investors or potential investors to conduct such due diligence as any such party reasonably believes is appropriate. (b) Pursuant to the Custodial Agreement, on the Closing Date the Custodian, on behalf of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, will acknowledge receipt of each Mortgage Loan, by delivery to the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Purchaser and the Issuer of an initial certification in the form attached as Exhibit One to the Custodial Agreement. (c) Pursuant to the Custodial Agreement, within 90 days of the Closing Date, the Indenture Trustee will review or shall cause the Custodian to review items of the Mortgage Files as set forth on Exhibit 1 and will deliver to the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Purchaser and the Indenture Trustee an interim certification substantially in the form of Exhibit Two to the Custodial Agreement. If the Indenture Trustee or Custodian, as its agent, finds any document listed on Exhibit 1 not to have been executed or received, or to be unrelated, determined on the basis of the Mortgagor name, original principal balance and loan number, to the Mortgage Loans identified in the Final Mortgage Loan Schedule or to appear defective on its face to review criteria specified in Section 2.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement (a “ Material Defect ”), the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Custodian, as its agent, shall promptly notify the Mortgage Loan Seller of such Material Defect. The Mortgage Loan Seller shall correct or cure any such Material Defect within 90 days from the date of notice from the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, as its agent, of the Material Defect and if the Mortgage Loan Seller fails to correct or cure such Material Defect within such period and such defect materially and adversely affects the interests of the Noteholders in the related Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage Loan Seller will, in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, within 90 days of the date of notice, provide the Indenture Trustee with a Substitute Mortgage Loan (if within two years of the Closing Date) or purchase the related Mortgage Loan at the applicable Purchase Price; provided that , if such defect would cause the Mortgage Loan to be other than a “qualified mortgage” as defined in Section 860G(a)(3) of the Code, any such cure, repurchase or substitution must occur within 90 days from the date such breach was discovered; provided , however , that if such defect relates solely to the inability of the Mortgage Loan Seller to deliver the original Security Instrument or intervening assignments thereof, or a certified copy because the originals of such documents, or a certified copy, have not been returned by the applicable jurisdiction, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall not be required to purchase such Mortgage Loan if the Mortgage Loan Seller delivers such original documents or certified copy promptly upon receipt, but in no event later than 360 days after the Closing Date. The foregoing repurchase obligation shall not apply in the event that the Mortgage Loan Seller cannot deliver such original or copy of any document submitted for recording to the appropriate recording office in the applicable jurisdiction because such document has not been returned by such office; provided that the Mortgage Loan Seller shall instead deliver a recording receipt of such recording office or, if such receipt is not available, a certificate confirming that such documents have been accepted for recording, and delivery to the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, as its agent, shall be effected by the Mortgage Loan Seller within thirty days of its receipt of the original recorded document. (d) Pursuant to the Custodial Agreement, within 180 days of the Closing Date (or, with respect to any Substitute Mortgage Loan, within five Business Days after the receipt by the Indenture Trustee or Custodian thereof) the Indenture Trustee will review or cause the Custodian to review items of the Mortgage Files as set forth on Exhibit 1 and will deliver to the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Purchaser and the Indenture Trustee a final certification substantially in the form of Exhibit Three to the Custodial Agreement. If the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, as its agent, finds a Material Defect, the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, as its agent, shall promptly notify the Mortgage Loan Seller of such Material Defect. The Mortgage Loan Seller shall correct or cure any such Material Defect within 90 days from the date of notice from the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, as its agent, of the Material Defect and if the Mortgage Loan Seller fails to correct or cure such Material Defect within such period and such defect materially and adversely affects the interests of the Noteholders in the related Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage Loan Seller will, in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, within 90 days of the date of notice, provide the Indenture Trustee with a Substitute Mortgage Loan (if within two years of the Closing Date) or purchase the related Mortgage Loan at the applicable Purchase Price; provided, however , that if such defect relates solely to the inability of the Mortgage Loan Seller to deliver the original Security Instrument or intervening assignments thereof, or a certified copy because the originals of such documents, or a certified copy, have not been returned by the applicable jurisdiction, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall not be required to purchase such Mortgage Loan if the Mortgage Loan Seller delivers such original documents or certified copy promptly upon receipt, but in no event later than 360 days after the Closing Date. The foregoing repurchase obligation shall not apply in the event that the Mortgage Loan Seller cannot deliver such original or copy of any document submitted for recording to the appropriate recording office in the applicable jurisdiction because such document has not been returned by such office; provided that the Mortgage Loan Seller shall instead deliver a recording receipt of such recording office or, if such receipt is not available, a certificate confirming that such documents have been accepted for recording, and delivery to the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, as its agent, shall be effected by the Mortgage Loan Seller within thirty days of its receipt of the original recorded document. (e) At the time of any substitution, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered the Substitute Mortgage Loan, the related Mortgage File and any other documents and payments required to be delivered in connection with a substitution pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. At the time of any purchase or substitution, the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall (i) assign to the Mortgage Loan Seller and cause the Custodian to release the documents (including, but not limited to, the Mortgage, Mortgage Note and other contents of the Mortgage File) in the possession of the Custodian relating to the Deleted Mortgage Loan and (ii) execute and deliver such instruments of transfer or assignment, in each case without recourse, as shall be necessary to vest in the Mortgage Loan Seller title to such Deleted Mortgage Loan. SECTION 6. Recordation of Assignments of Mortgage . (a) The Mortgage Loan Seller will, promptly after the Subsequent Transfer Date cause each Mortgage and each assignment of the Mortgage from the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Indenture Trustee, and all unrecorded intervening assignments, if any, delivered on or prior to the Subsequent Transfer Date, to be recorded in all recording offices in the jurisdictions where the related Mortgaged Propoerties are located; provided, however, the Mortgage Loan Seller need not cause to be recorded any assignment which relates to a Subsequent Mortgage Loan if (a) such recordation is not required by the Rating Agencies or an Opinion of Counsel has been provided to the Indenture Trustee (with a copy to the Custodian) which states that the recordation of such assignments is not necessary to protect the interests of the Noteholders in the related Mortgage Loans or (b) MERS is identified on the Mortgage or on a properly recorded assignment of the Mortgage, as the Mortgagee of record solely as nominee for the Mortgage Loan Seller and its successors and assigns; provided , however , notwithstanding the delivery of any such Opinion of Counsel, each assignment of Mortgage shall be submitted for recording by the Mortgage Loan Seller in the manner described above, at no expense to the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, upon the earliest to occur of (i) reasonable direction by the Holders of Notes aggregating at least 25% of the Note Principal Balance of the Notes, (ii) the occurrence of a Master Servicer Event of Default or an Event of Default, (iii) the occurrence of a bankruptcy, insolvency or foreclosure relating to the Mortgage Loan Seller and, (iv) the occurrence of a servicing transfer as described in Section 6.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. While each such Mortgage or assignment is being recorded, if necessary, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall leave or cause to be left with the Indenture Trustee a certified copy of such Mortgage or assignment. In the event that, within 180 days of the Subsequent Transfer Date, the Trustee has not been provided an Opinion of Counsel as described above or received evidence of recording with respect to each Subsequent Mortgage Loan delivered to the Purchaser pursuant to the terms hereof or as set forth above, the failure to provide evidence of recording or such Opinion of Counsel shall be considered a Material Defect, and the provisions of Section 5(c) and (d) shall apply. All customary recording fees and reasonable expenses relating to the recordation of the assignments of mortgage to the Indenture Trustee or the Opinion of Counsel, as the case may be, shall be borne by the Mortgage Loan Seller. (b) It is the express intent of the parties hereto that the conveyance of the Mortgage Loans by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Purchaser, as contemplated by this Agreement be, and be treated as, a sale. It is, further, not the intention of the parties that such conveyance be deemed a pledge of the Mortgage Loans by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Purchaser to secure a debt or other obligation of the Mortgage Loan Seller. However, in the event that, notwithstanding the intent of the parties, the Mortgage Loans are held by a court to continue to be property of the Mortgage Loan Seller, then (i) this Agreement shall also be deemed to be a security agreement within the meaning of Articles 8 and 9 of the applicable Uniform Commercial Code; (ii) the transfer of the Mortgage Loans provided for herein shall be deemed to be a grant by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Purchaser of a security interest in all of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s right, title and interest in and to the Mortgage Loans and all amounts payable to the holders of the Mortgage Loans in accordance with the terms thereof and all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary, of the foregoing into cash, instruments, securities or other property, to the extent the Purchaser would otherwise be entitled to own such Mortgage Loans and proceeds pursuant to Section 4 hereof, including all amounts, other than investment earnings, from time to time held or invested in any accounts created pursuant to the Indenture or the Sale and Servicing Agreement, whether in the form of cash, instruments, securities or other property; (iii) the possession by the Purchaser, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee of Mortgage Notes and such other items of property as constitute instruments, money, negotiable documents or chattel paper shall be deemed to be “possession by the secured party” for purposes of perfecting the security interest pursuant to Section 9-313 (or comparable provision) of the applicable Uniform Commercial Code; and (iv) notifications to persons holding such property, and acknowledgments, receipts or confirmations from persons holding such property, shall be deemed notifications to, or acknowledgments, receipts or confirmations from, financial intermediaries, bailees or agents (as applicable) of the Purchaser for the purpose of perfecting such security interest under applicable law. Any assignment of the interest of the Purchaser pursuant to any provision hereof or pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement and any subsequent assignment pursuant to the Indenture shall also be deemed to be an assignment of any security interest created hereby. The Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser shall, to the extent consistent with this Agreement, take such actions as may be reasonably necessary to ensure that, if this Agreement were deemed to create a security interest in the Mortgage Loans, such security interest would be deemed to be a perfected security interest of first priority under applicable law and will be maintained as such throughout the term of the Indenture. SECTION 7. Representations and Warranties of Mortgage Loan Seller Concerning the Mortgage Loans . The Mortgage Loan Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser as of the Closing Date, or such other date as may be specified below with respect to each Mortgage Loan being sold by it, that: (i) the information set forth in the Mortgage Loan Schedule hereto is true and correct in all material respects and the information provided to the Rating Agencies, including the Mortgage Loan level detail, is true and correct according to the Rating Agency requirements; (ii) immediately prior to the transfer to the Purchaser, the Mortgage Loan Seller was the sole owner of beneficial title and holder of each Mortgage and Mortgage Note relating to the Mortgage Loans and is conveying the same free and clear of any and all liens, claims, encumbrances, participation interests, equities, pledges, charges or security interests of any nature and the Mortgage Loan Seller has full right and authority to sell or assign the same pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) each Mortgage Loan at the time it was made complied in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, usury, equal credit opportunity, disclosure and recording laws and all applicable anti-predatory lending laws; and each Mortgage Loan has been serviced in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, usury, equal credit opportunity, disclosure and recording laws and all applicable anti-predatory lending laws and the terms of the related Mortgage Note, the Mortgage and other loan documents; (iv) there is no monetary default existing under any Mortgage or the related Mortgage Note and there is no material event which, with the passage of time or with notice and the expiration of any grace or cure period, would constitute a default, breach or event of acceleration; and neither the Mortgage Loan Seller, any of its affiliates nor any servicer of any related Mortgage Loan has taken any action to waive any default, breach or event of acceleration; and no foreclosure action is threatened or has been commenced with respect to the Mortgage Loan; (v) the terms of the Mortgage Note and the Mortgage have not been impaired, waived, altered or modified in any respect, except by written instruments, (i) if required by law in the jurisdiction where the Mortgaged Property is located, or (ii) to protect the interests of the Indenture Trustee and maintain the lien priority of the Mortgage on behalf of the Noteholders; (vi) no selection procedure reasonably believed by the Mortgage Loan Seller to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders was utilized in selecting the Mortgage Loans; (vii) each Mortgage is a valid and enforceable first lien on the property securing the related Mortgage Note and each Mortgaged Property is owned by the Mortgagor in fee simple (except with respect to common areas in the case of condominiums, PUDs and de minimis PUDs) or by leasehold for a term longer than the term of the related Mortgage, subject only to (i) the lien of current real property taxes and assessments, (ii) covenants, conditions and restrictions, rights of way, easements and other matters of public record as of the date of recording of such Mortgage, such exceptions being acceptable to mortgage lending institutions generally or specifically reflected in the appraisal obtained in connection with the origination of the related Mortgage Loan or referred to in the lender’s title insurance policy delivered to the originator of the related Mortgage Loan and (iii) other matters to which like properties are commonly subject which do not materially interfere with the benefits of the security intended to be provided by such Mortgage; (viii) there is no mechanics’ lien or claim for work, labor or material affecting the premises subject to any Mortgage which is or may be a lien prior to, or equal with, the lien of such Mortgage except those which are insured against by the title insurance policy referred to in (xiii) below; (ix) there was no delinquent tax or assessment lien against the property subject to any Mortgage, except where such lien was being contested in good faith and a stay had been granted against levying on the property; (x) there is no valid offset, defense or counterclaim to any Mortgage Note or Mortgage, including the obligation of the Mortgagor to pay the unpaid principal and interest on such Mortgage Note; (xi) the physical property subject to any Mortgage is free of material damage and is in good repair and there is no proceeding pending or threatened for the total or partial condemnation of any Mortgaged Property; (xii) the Mortgaged Property and all improvements thereon comply with all requirements of any applicable zoning and subdivision laws and ordinances; (xiii) a lender’s title insurance policy (on an ALTA or CLTA form) or binder, or other assurance of title customary in the relevant jurisdiction therefor in a form acceptable to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, was issued on the date that each Mortgage Loan was created by a title insurance company which, to the best of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge, was qualified to do business in the jurisdiction where the related Mortgaged Property is located, insuring the Mortgage Loan Seller and its successors and assigns that the Mortgage is a first priority lien on the related Mortgaged Property in the original principal amount of the Mortgage Loan. The Mortgage Loan Seller is the sole insured under such lender’s title insurance policy, and such policy, binder or assurance is valid and remains in full force and effect, and each such policy, binder or assurance shall contain all applicable endorsements including a negative amortization endorsement, if applicable; (xiv) at the time of origination, each Mortgaged Property was the subject of an appraisal which conformed to the underwriting requirements of the originator of the Mortgage Loan and, the appraisal is in a form acceptable to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac; (xv) as of the Closing Date, the improvements on each Mortgaged Property securing a Mortgage Loan are insured (by an insurer which is acceptable to the Mortgage Loan Seller) against loss by fire and such hazards as are covered under a standard extended coverage endorsement in the locale in which the Mortgaged Property is located, in an amount which is not less than the lesser of the maximum insurable value of the improvements securing such Mortgage Loan or the outstanding principal balance of the Mortgage Loan, but in no event in an amount less than an amount that is required to prevent the Mortgagor from being deemed to be a co-insurer thereunder; if the improvement on the Mortgaged Property is a condominium unit, it is included under the coverage afforded by a blanket policy for the condominium project; if upon origination of the related Mortgage Loan, the improvements on the Mortgaged Property were in an area identified as a federally designated flood area, a flood insurance policy is in effect in an amount representing coverage not less than the least of (i) the outstanding principal balance of the Mortgage Loan, (ii) the restorable cost of improvements located on such Mortgaged Property or (iii) the maximum coverage available under federal law; and each Mortgage obligates the Mortgagor thereunder to maintain the insurance referred to above at the Mortgagor’s cost and expense; (xvi) each Mortgage Loan was originated (1) by a savings and loan association, savings bank, commercial bank, credit union, insurance company or similar institution that is supervised and examined by a federal or state authority, (2) by a mortgagee approved by the Secretary of HUD pursuant to Sections 203 and 211 of the National Housing Act, as amended, or (3) by a mortgage broker or correspondent lender in a manner such that the related Mortgage Loan would be regarded for purposes of Section 3(a)(41) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as having been originated by an entity described in clauses (1) or (2) above; (xvii) none of the Mortgage Loans are (a) loans subject to 12 CFR Part 226.31, 12 CFR Part 226.32 or 12 CFR Part 226.34 of Regulation Z, the regulation implementing TILA, which implements the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994, as amended or (b) classified and/or defined as a “high cost home loan” under any federal, state or local law, including, but not limited to, the States of Georgia or North Carolina; (xviii) the information set forth in Schedule A of the Prospectus Supplement with respect to the Mortgage Loans is true and correct in all material respects; and (xix) no Mortgage Loan is a High Cost Loan or Covered Loan, as applicable (as such terms are defined in the then current Standard & Poor’s LEVELS ® Glossary, which is now Version 5.6c Revised, Appendix E, attached hereto as Exhibit 6) and no Mortgage Loan originated on or after October 1, 2002 through March 6, 2003 is governed by the “Georgia Fair Lending Act.” (xx) each Mortgage Loan was originated in accordance with the underwriting guidelines of the related originator; (xxi) each original Mortgage has been recorded or is in the process of being recorded in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement in the appropriate jurisdictions wherein such recordation is required to perfect the lien thereof for the benefit of the Trust Fund; (xxii) the related Mortgage File contains each of the documents and instruments listed in Section 2.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, subject to any exceptions, substitutions and qualifications as are set forth in such Section; (xxiii) the Mortgage Loans are currently being serviced in accordance with accepted servicing practices; (xxiv) at the time of origination, each Mortgaged Property was the subject of an appraisal which conformed to the underwriting requirements of the originator of the Mortgage Loan, and the appraisal is in a form which was acceptable to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac at the time of origination; (xxv) none of the Mortgage Loans that are secured by property located in the State of Illinois are in violation of the provisions of the Illinois Interest Act; and (xxvi) with respect to each Co-op Loan, the security instruments create a valid, enforceable and subsisting first priority security interest in the Co-op Lease and Co-op Stock securing the related Mortgage Note subject to only to (a) the lien of the related cooperative for unpaid assessments representing the Mortgagor’s pro rata share of payments for a blanket mortgage, if any, current and future real property taxes, insurance premiums, maintenance fees and other assessments to which like collateral is commonly subject, and (b) other matters to which the collateral is commonly subject which do not materially interfere with the benefits of the security intended to be provided; provided, however, that the related Co-op Loan may be subordinated or otherwise subject to the lien of a Mortgage on the cooperative building. It is understood and agreed that the representations and warranties set forth in this Section 7 will inure to the benefit of the Purchaser, its successors and assigns, notwithstanding any restrictive or qualified endorsement on any Mortgage Note or assignment of Mortgage or the examination of any Mortgage File. Upon any substitution for a Mortgage Loan, the representations and warranties set forth above shall be deemed to be made by the Mortgage Loan Seller as to any Substitute Mortgage Loan as of the date of substitution. Upon discovery or receipt of notice by the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee of a breach of any representation or warranty of the Mortgage Loan Seller set forth in this Section 7 or of a breach of any representation or warranty relating to the Countrywide, EMC or PHH Mortgage Loans, as applicable, in the related Servicing Agreement, and Countrywide, EMC or PHH, as applicable, which materially and adversely affects the value of the interests of the Purchaser, the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Indenture Trustee in any of the Mortgage Loans delivered to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, the party discovering or receiving notice of such breach shall give prompt written notice to the others and within the period of time specified in the related Servicing Agreement, and Countrywide, EMC or PHH, as applicable, will (i) cure such breach in all material respects, (ii) purchase the affected Mortgage Loan at the applicable Purchase Price or (iii) if within two years of the Closing Date, substitute a qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan in exchange for such Mortgage Loan. If there is a breach of a representation or warranty relating to a Countrywide Mortgage Loan and Countrywide did not make such representation or warranty to the trust but EMC made such representation or warranty to the trust with respect to the Countrywide Mortgage Loan then EMC will (i) cure such breach in all material respects, (ii) purchase the affected Mortgage Loan at the applicable Purchase Price or (iii) if within two years of the Closing Date, substitute a qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan in exchange for such Mortgage Loan in accordance with the EMC Servicing Agreement. The Mortgage Loan Seller will only be required to cure, purchase or substitute for a breach of a representation or warranty set forth in this Section 7 if Countrywide, EMC or PHH, as applicable is not required to cure, substitute or repurchase under the related Servicing Agreement, or in the case of a Countrywide Mortgage Loan, if EMC also was not required to cure, substitute or repurchase under the EMC Servicing Agreement. If that is the case, within 90 days from the date of discovery by the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Mortgage Loan Seller will (i) cure such breach in all material respects, (ii) purchase the affected Mortgage Loan at the applicable Purchase Price or (iii) if within two years of the Closing Date, substitute a qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan in exchange for such Mortgage Loan. The obligations of the Mortgage Loan Seller, Countrywide, EMC and PHH, as applicable, to cure, purchase or substitute a qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan shall constitute the Purchaser’s, the Issuer’s, the Indenture Trustee’s and the Noteholder’s sole and exclusive remedy under this Agreement or otherwise respecting a breach of representations or warranties hereunder with respect to the Mortgage Loans, except for the obligation of the Mortgage Loan Seller to indemnify the Purchaser for such breach as set forth in and limited by Section 13 hereof. Any cause of action against the Mortgage Loan Seller relating to or arising out of a breach by the Mortgage Loan Seller of any representations and warranties made in this Section 7 or breach of Countrywide, EMC or PHH relating to or arising out of a breach in the related Servicing Agreement shall accrue as to any Mortgage Loan upon (i) discovery of such breach by the Mortgage Loan Seller, Countrywide, EMC or PHH, as applicable, or notice thereof by the party discovering such breach and (ii) failure by the Mortgage Loan Seller, Countrywide, EMC or PHH, as applicable, to cure such breach, purchase such Mortgage Loan or substitute a qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. SECTION 8. Representations and Warranties Concerning the Mortgage Loan Seller . As of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, the Mortgage Loan Seller represents and warrants to the Purchaser as to itself in the capacity indicated as follows: (a) the Mortgage Loan Seller (i) is a business trust duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Maryland and (ii) is qualified and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except where the failure so to qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Mortgage Loan Seller’s business as presently conducted or on the Mortgage Loan Seller’s ability to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (b) the Mortgage Loan Seller has full requisite power to own its property, to carry on its business as presently conducted and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement; (c) the execution and delivery by the Mortgage Loan Seller of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Mortgage Loan Seller; and neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, nor compliance with the provisions hereof, will conflict with or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any of the provisions of any law, governmental rule, regulation, judgment, decree or order binding on the Mortgage Loan Seller or its properties or the charter or by-laws of the Mortgage Loan Seller, except those conflicts, breaches or defaults which would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Mortgage Loan Seller’s ability to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (d) the execution, delivery and performance by the Mortgage Loan Seller of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not require the consent or approval of, the giving of notice to, the registration with, or the taking of any other action in respect of, any state, federal or other governmental authority or agency, except those consents, approvals, notices, registrations or other actions as have already been obtained, given or made and, in connection with the recordation of the Mortgages, powers of attorney or assignments of Mortgages not yet completed; (e) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Mortgage Loan Seller and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Purchaser, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Mortgage Loan Seller enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of the rights of creditors generally); (f) there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Mortgage Loan Seller, threatened against the Mortgage Loan Seller, before or by any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body (i) with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) with respect to any other matter which in the judgment of the Mortgage Loan Seller will be determined adversely to the Mortgage Loan Seller and will if determined adversely to the Mortgage Loan Seller materially and adversely affect the Mortgage Loan Seller’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement; and the Mortgage Loan Seller is not in default with respect to any order of any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body so as to materially and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (g) the Mortgage Loan Seller’s Information (as defined in Section 13(a) hereof) does not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and (h) the Mortgage Loan Seller is a member of MERS in good standing. SECTION 9. Representations and Warranties Concerning the Purchaser . As of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, the Purchaser represents and warrants to the Mortgage Loan Seller as follows: (a) the Purchaser (i) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and (ii) is qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation to do business in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except where the failure so to qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Purchaser’s business as presently conducted or on the Purchaser’s ability to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (b) the Purchaser has full corporate power to own its property, to carry on its business as presently conducted and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement; (c) the execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Purchaser; and neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, nor compliance with the provisions hereof, will conflict with or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any of the provisions of any law, governmental rule, regulation, judgment, decree or order binding on the Purchaser or its properties or the articles of incorporation or by-laws of the Purchaser, except those conflicts, breaches or defaults which would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Purchaser’s ability to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (d) the execution, delivery and performance by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not require the consent or approval of, the giving of notice to, the registration with, or the taking of any other action in respect of, any state, federal or other governmental authority or agency, except those consents, approvals, notices, registrations or other actions as have already been obtained, given or made; (e) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Mortgage Loan Seller, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of the rights of creditors generally); (f) there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened against the Purchaser, before or by any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body (i) with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) with respect to any other matter which in the judgment of the Purchaser will be determined adversely to the Purchaser and will if determined adversely to the Purchaser materially and adversely affect the Purchaser’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement; and the Purchaser is not in default with respect to any order of any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body so as to materially and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (g) the Purchaser’s Information (as defined in Section 13(b) hereof) does not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. SECTION 10. Conditions to Closing . (a) The obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement will be subject to the satisfaction, on or prior to the Closing Date, of the following conditions: (i) Each of the obligations of the Mortgage Loan Seller required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement shall have been duly performed and complied with in all material respects; all of the representations and warranties of the Mortgage Loan Seller under this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date or dates specified in all material respects; and no event shall have occurred which, with notice or the passage of time, would constitute a default under this Agreement, or the Sale and Servicing Agreement; and the Purchaser shall have received certificates to that effect signed by authorized officers of the Mortgage Loan Seller. (ii) The Purchaser shall have received all of the following closing documents, in such forms as are agreed upon and reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser, duly executed by all signatories (other than the Purchaser) as required pursuant to the respective terms thereof: (1) If required pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the Amendment dated as of the Closing Date and any documents referred to therein; (2) If required pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the Final Mortgage Loan Schedule containing the information set forth on Exhibit 2 hereto, one copy to be attached to each counterpart of the Amendment; (3) The Trust Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchase, and all documents required thereby duly executed by all signatories; (4) The Sale and Servicing Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer and the Purchaser, and all documents required thereby duly executed by all signatories; (5) The Indenture, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer and the Purchaser, and all documents required thereby duly executed by all signatories (6) A certificate of an officer of the Mortgage Loan Seller dated as of the Closing Date, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser, and attached thereto the resolutions of the Mortgage Loan Seller authorizing the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, together with copies of the charter and by-laws of the Mortgage Loan Seller; (7) One or more opinions of counsel from the Mortgage Loan Seller’s counsel otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and each Rating Agency; (8) A letter from each of the Rating Agencies giving each Class of Notes set forth on Schedule A the rating set forth on Schedule A; and (9) Such other documents, certificates (including additional representations and warranties) and opinions as may be reasonably necessary to secure the intended ratings from each Rating Agency for the Notes. (iii) The Notes to be sold to Bear Steans and Morgan Stanley pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement and the Purchase Agreement shall have been issued and sold to Bear Stearns and Morgan Stanley. (iv) The Mortgage Loan Seller shall have furnished to the Purchaser such other certificates of its officers or others and such other documents and opinions of counsel to evidence fulfillment of the conditions set forth in this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby as the Purchaser and its counsel may reasonably request. (b) The obligations of the Mortgage Loan Seller under this Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction, on or prior to the Closing Date, of the following conditions: (i) The obligations of the Purchaser required to be performed by it on or prior to the Closing Date pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall have been duly performed and complied with in all material respects, and all of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser under this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, and no event shall have occurred which would constitute a breach by it of the terms of this Agreement, and the Mortgage Loan Seller shall have received a certificate to that effect signed by an authorized officer of the Purchaser. (ii) The Mortgage Loan Seller shall have received copies of all of the following closing documents, in such forms as are agreed upon and reasonably acceptable to the Mortgage Loan Seller, duly executed by all signatories other than the Mortgage Loan Seller as required pursuant to the respective terms thereof: (1) If required pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the Amendment dated as of the Closing Date and any documents referred to therein; (2) The Trust Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Mortgage Loan Seller, and all documents required thereby duly executed by all signatories; (3) The Sale and Servicing Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Mortgage Loan Seller, and all documents required thereby duly executed by all signatories; (4) The Indenture, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Mortgage Loan Seller, and all documents required thereby duly executed by all signatories; (5) A certificate of an officer of the Purchaser dated as of the Closing Date, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Mortgage Loan Seller, and attached thereto the resolutions of the Purchaser authorizing the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement, together with copies of the Purchaser’s articles of incorporation, and evidence as to the good standing of the Purchaser dated as of a recent date; (6) One or more opinions of counsel from the Purchaser’s counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Mortgage Loan Seller; and (7) Such other documents, certificates (including additional representations and warranties) and opinions as may be reasonably necessary to secure the intended rating from each Rating Agency for the Notes; SECTION 11. Fees and Expenses . Subject to Section 16 hereof, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall pay on the Subsequent Transfer Date or such later date as may be agreed to by the Purchaser (i) the fees and expenses of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s attorneys and the reasonable fees and expenses of the Purchaser’s attorneys, (ii) the fees and expenses of Deloitte & Touche LLP, (iii) the fee for the use of Purchaser's REgistration Statement based on teh aggregate original principal amount of the Notes and the filing fee of the Commission as in effect on the date on which the Registration Statement was declared effective, (iv) the fees and expenses including counsel's fees and expenses in connection with any "blue sky" and legal investment matters, (v) the fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee and the Owner Trustee which shall include without limitation the fees and expenses of its counsel with respect to (A) legal and document review of this Agreement, the Trust Agreement, the Indenture, the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Notes and related agreements, (B) attendance at the closing of transactions contemplated hereby and (C) review of the Subesquent Mortgage Loans to be performed by the Custodian, (iv) the expenses for printing or otherwise reproducing the Notes, the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, (viii) the fees and expenses of each Rating Agency (both initial and ongoing), and (ix) Mortgage File due diligence expenses and other out of pocket expenses incurred by the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans and by Bear Stearns in connection with the sale of the Notes. the fees and expenses relating to the preparation and recordation of mortgage assignments (including intervening assignments, if any and if available, to evidence a complete chain of title from the originator to the Indenture Trustee) from the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Indenture Trustee or the expenses relating to the Opinion of Counsel referred to in Section 6(a) hereof, as the case may be, and (v) Mortgage File due diligence expenses and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Mortgage Loans and by Bear Stearns in connection with the sale of the Notes. The Mortgage Loan Seller additionally agrees to pay directly to any third party on a timely basis the fees provided for above which are charged by such third party and which are billed periodically. SECTION 12. Accountants’ Letters . (a) Deloitte & Touche LLP will review the characteristics of a sample of the Mortgage Loans described in the Final Mortgage Loan Schedule and will compare those characteristics to the description of the Mortgage Loans contained in the Prospectus Supplement under the captions “Summary of Prospectus Supplement—The Mortgage Loans” and “The Mortgage Pool” and in Schedule A thereto. The Mortgage Loan Seller will cooperate with the Purchaser in making available all information and taking all steps reasonably necessary to permit such accountants to complete the review and to deliver the letters required of them under the Underwriting Agreement. Deloitte & Touche LLP will also confirm certain calculations as set forth under the caption “Yield On The Notes” in the Prospectus Supplement. (b) To the extent statistical information with respect to the Master Servicer’s or a Servicer’s servicing portfolio is included in the Prospectus Supplement under the caption “The Master Servicer and the Servicers” a letter from the certified public accountant for the Master Servicer and such Servicer or Servicers will be delivered to the Purchaser dated the date of the Prospectus Supplement, in the form previously agreed to by the Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser, with respect to such statistical information. SECTION 13. Indemnification . (a) The Mortgage Loan Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and its directors, officers and controlling persons (as defined in Section 15 of the Securities Act) from and against any loss, claim, damage or liability or action in respect thereof, to which they or any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or action arises out of, or is based upon (i) any untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Mortgage Loan Seller’s Information as identified in Exhibit 3 , the omission to state in the Mortgage Loan Seller’s information a material fact about the Mortgage Loans required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing indemnity agreement is in addition to any liability which the Mortgage Loan Seller otherwise may have to the Purchaser or any other such indemnified party. (b) The Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Mortgage Loan Seller and its respective directors, officers and controlling persons (as defined in Section 15 of the Securities Act) from and against any loss, claim, damage or liability or action in respect thereof, to which they or any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or action arises out of, or is based upon (i) any untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Purchaser’s Information as identified in Exhibit 4 , the omission to state in the Prospectus Supplement or Prospectus (or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto approved by the Purchaser and in which additional Purchaser’s Information is identified), in reliance upon and in conformity with the Purchaser’s Information, a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) any representation or warranty made by the Purchaser in Section 9 hereof being, or alleged to be, untrue or incorrect, or (iii) any failure by the Purchaser to perform its obligations under this Agreement; and the Purchaser shall reimburse the Mortgage Loan Seller, and each other indemnified party for any legal and other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending or preparing to defend any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action. The foregoing indemnity agreement is in addition to any liability which the Purchaser otherwise may have to the Mortgage Loan Seller, or any other such indemnified party, (c) Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under such subsection, notify each party against whom indemnification is to be sought in writing of the commencement thereof (but the failure so to notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have under this Section 13 except to the extent that it has been prejudiced in any material respect by such failure or from any liability which it may have otherwise). In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent it may elect by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly (but, in any event, within 30 days) after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party or parties unless (i) the employment of such counsel shall have been authorized in writing by one of the indemnifying parties in connection with the defense of such action, (ii) the indemnifying parties shall not have employed counsel to have charge of the defense of such action within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action, or (iii) such indemnified party or parties shall have reasonably concluded that there is a conflict of interest between itself or themselves and the indemnifying party in the conduct of the defense of any claim or that the interests of the indemnified party or parties are not substantially co-extensive with those of the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying parties shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party or parties), in any of which events such fees and expenses shall be borne by the indemnifying parties ( provided , however , that the indemnifying party shall be liable only for the fees and expenses of one counsel in addition to one local counsel in the jurisdiction involved. Anything in this subsection to the contrary notwithstanding, an indemnifying party shall not be liable for any settlement or any claim or action effected without its written consent; provided , however , that such consent was not unreasonably withheld. (d) If the indemnification provided for in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 13 shall for any reason be unavailable to an indemnified party in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect thereof, referred to in Section 13, then the indemnifying party shall in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Mortgage Loan Seller on the one hand and the Purchaser on the other from the purchase and sale of the Mortgage Loans, the offering of the Notes and the other transactions contemplated hereunder. No person found liable for a fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who is not also found liable for such fraudulent misrepresentation. (e) The parties hereto agree that reliance by an indemnified party on any publicly available information or any information or directions furnished by an indemnifying party shall not constitute negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct by such indemnified party. SECTION 14. Notices . All demands, notices and communications hereunder shall be in writing but may be delivered by facsimile transmission subsequently confirmed in writing. Notices to the Mortgage Loan Seller shall be directed to Mercury Mortgage Finance Statutory Trust, One Commerce Square, 2005 Market Street, Suite 2100, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103, and notices to the Purchaser shall be directed to Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179 (Telecopy: (212-272-7206)), Attention: Baron Silverstein; or to any other address as may hereafter be furnished by one party to the other party by like notice. Any such demand, notice or communication hereunder shall be deemed to have been received on the date received at the premises of the addressee (as evidenced, in the case of registered or certified mail, by the date noted on the return receipt) provided that it is received on a business day during normal business hours and, if received after normal business hours, then it shall be deemed to be received on the next business day. SECTION 15. Transfer of Mortgage Loans . The Purchaser retains the right to assign the Mortgage Loans and any or all of its interest under this Agreement to the Issuer, with the understanding that the Issuer will then assign such rights to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture, without the consent of the Mortgage Loan Seller, and, upon such assignment, the Indenture Trustee, as the ultimate assignee, shall succeed to the applicable rights and obligations of the Purchaser hereunder; provided , however , the Purchaser shall remain entitled to the benefits set forth in Sections 11, 13 and 17 hereto and as provided in Section 2(a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the sole and exclusive right and remedy of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee with respect to a breach of representation or warranty of the Mortgage Loan Seller shall be the cure, purchase or substitution obligations of the Mortgage Loan Seller contained in Sections 5 and 7 hereof. SECTION 16. Termination . This Agreement may be terminated (a) by the mutual consent of the parties hereto prior to the Closing Date, (b) by the Purchaser, if the conditions to the Purchaser’s obligation to close set forth under Section 10(a) hereof are not fulfilled as and when required to be fulfilled or (c) by the Mortgage Loan Seller, if the conditions to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s obligation to close set forth under Section 10(b) hereof are not fulfilled as and when required to be fulfilled. In the event of termination pursuant to clause (b), the Mortgage Loan Seller shall pay, and in the event of termination pursuant to clause (c), the Purchaser shall pay, all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the other in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In the event of a termination pursuant to clause (a), each party shall be responsible for its own expenses. SECTION 17. Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery . All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement, the related Servicing Agreement, or contained in certificates of officers of the Mortgage Loan Seller submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect and shall survive delivery of the Mortgage Loans to the Purchaser, delivery by the Purchaser to the Issuer and the pledge by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders. Subsequent to the delivery of the Mortgage Loans to the Purchaser, the Mortgage Loan Seller’s representations and warranties contained herein and, Countrywide’s, EMC’s and PHH’s representations and warranties contained in the related Servicing Agreement, in each case with respect to the related Mortgage Loans shall be deemed to relate to the Mortgage Loans actually delivered to the Purchaser and included in the Final Mortgage Loan Schedule and any Substitute Mortgage Loan and not to those Mortgage Loans deleted from the Preliminary Mortgage Loan Schedule pursuant to Section 3 hereof prior to the Closing. SECTION 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited or invalid under applicable law, the Agreement shall be ineffective only to such extent, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement. SECTION 19. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be an original, but which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. SECTION 20. Amendment . This Agreement cannot be amended or modified in any manner without the prior written consent of each party. SECTION 21. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. SECTION 22. Further Assurances . Each of the parties agrees to execute and deliver such instruments and take such actions as another party may, from time to time, reasonably request in order to effectuate the purpose and to carry out the terms of this Agreement including any amendments hereto which may be required by either Rating Agency. SECTION 23. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser and their permitted successors and assigns and, to the extent specified in Section 13 hereof, Bear Stearns, and their directors, officers and controlling persons (within the meaning of federal securities laws). The Mortgage Loan Seller acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser may assign its rights under this Agreement (including, without limitation, with respect to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s representations and warranties respecting the Mortgage Loans) to the Issuer and that the Issuer may further assign such rights to the Indenture Trustee. Any person into which the Mortgage Loan Seller may be merged or consolidated (or any person resulting from any merger or consolidation involving the Mortgage Loan Seller), any person resulting from a change in form of the Mortgage Loan Seller or any person succeeding to the business of the Mortgage Loan Seller, shall be considered the “successor” of the Mortgage Loan Seller hereunder and shall be considered a party hereto without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act or consent on the part of any party hereto. Except as provided in the two preceding sentences and in Section 15 hereto, this Agreement cannot be assigned, pledged or hypothecated by either party hereto without the written consent of the other parties to this Agreement and any such assignment or purported assignment shall be deemed null and void. SECTION 24. The Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser . The Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser will keep in full effect all rights as are necessary to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement . SECTION 25. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. SECTION 26. No Partnership . Nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to create a partnership or joint venture between the parties hereto. SECTION 27. Fiduciary Duty . The Mortgage Loan Seller acknowledges that (A) the terms of this Agreement were negotiated at arms length between sophisticated parties represented by counsel, (B) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Depositor and the Mortgage Loan Seller has been created as a result of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, irrespective of whether the Mortgage Loan Seller has advised or is advising the Depositor on other matters; (C) the Mortgage Loan Seller’s obligations to the Depositor are set forth in this Agreement in their entirety; and (D) it has obtained such legal, tax, accounting and other advice as it deems appropriate with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any other activities undertaken in connection therewith, and it is not relying on the Depositor with respect to any such matters. [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. MERCURY MORTGAGE FINANCE STATUTORY TRUST By: Name: Title: STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC. By: Name: Baron Silverstein Title: Vice President EXHIBIT 1 CONTENTS OF MORTGAGE FILE With respect to each Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage File shall include each of the following items, which shall be available for inspection by the Purchaser or its designee, and which shall be delivered to the Purchaser or its designee pursuant to the terms of the Agreement. (a) with respect to each Mortgage Loan: (i) The original Mortgage Note, endorsed without recourse to the order of the Indenture Trustee and showing an unbroken chain of endorsements from the originator thereof to the Person endorsing it to the Indenture Trustee, or a lost note affidavit together with a copy of the related Mortgage Note; (ii) The original Mortgage and, if the related Mortgage Loan is a MOM Loan, noting the presence of the MIN and language indicating that such Mortgage Loan is a MOM Loan, which shall have been recorded (or if the original is not available, a copy), with evidence of such recording indicated thereon (or if the original is not available, a copy), with evidence of such recording indicated thereon (or if the original Security Instrument, assignments to the Indenture Trustee or intervening assignments thereof which have been delivered, are being delivered or will, upon receipt of recording information relating to the Security Instrument required to be included thereon, be delivered to recording offices for recording and have not been returned to the Seller in time to permit their recording as specified in Section 2.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, shall be in recordable form); (iii) unless the Mortgage Loan is a MOM Loan, a certified copy of the assignment (which may be in the form of a blanket assignment if permitted in the jurisdiction in which the Mortgaged Property is located) in blank or to “LaSalle Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee”, with evidence of recording with respect to each Mortgage Loan in the name of the Indenture Trustee thereon (or if (A) the original Security Instrument, assignments to the Indenture Trustee or intervening assignments thereof which have been delivered, are being delivered or will, upon receipt of recording information relating to the Security Instrument required to be included thereon, be delivered to recording offices for recording and have not been returned to the Seller in time to permit their delivery as specified in Section 2.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Seller may deliver a true copy thereof with a certification by the Seller, on the face of such copy, substantially as follows: “Certified to be a true and correct copy of the original, which has been transmitted for recording” or (B) the related Mortgaged Property is located in a state other than Maryland and an Opinion of Counsel has been provided as set forth in Section 2.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, shall be in recordable form); (iv) all intervening assignments of the Security Instrument, if applicable and only to the extent available to the Mortgage Loan Seller with evidence of recording thereon; (v) the original or a copy of the policy or certificate of primary mortgage guaranty insurance, to the extent available, if any; (vi) the original or copy of the policy of title insurance or mortgagee’s certificate of title insurance or commitment or binder for title insurance; and (vii) originals of all modification agreements, if applicable and available. EXHIBIT 2 MORTGAGE LOAN SCHEDULE INFORMATION The Preliminary and Final Mortgage Loan Schedules shall set forth the following information with respect to each Mortgage Loan: (a) the loan number; (b) [Reserved]; (c) the city, state and zip code of the Mortgaged Property; (d) the property type; (e) the Mortgage Interest Rate; (f) the Servicing Fee Rate; (g) the Net Rate; (h) the original term to maturity; (i) the maturity date; (j) the stated remaining term to maturity; (k) the original principal balance; (1) the first Payment Date; (m) the principal and interest payment in effect as of the Cut-off Date; (n) the unpaid principal balance as of the Cut-off Date; (o) the Loan-to-Value Ratio at origination; (p) paid-through date; (q) the insurer of any Primary Mortgage Insurance Policy; (r) the Gross Margin, if applicable; (s) the Maximum Lifetime Mortgage Rate, if applicable; (t) the Minimum Lifetime Mortgage Rate, if applicable; (u) the Periodic Rate Cap, if applicable; (v) the number of days delinquent, if any; (w) which Mortgage Loans adjust after an initial fixed-rate period of five or seven years; (x) the Prepayment Charge Loans; and (y) the Servicer. Such schedule also shall set forth for all of the Mortgage Loans, the total number of Mortgage Loans, the total of each of the amounts described under (k) and (n) above, the weighted average by principal balance as of the Cut-off Date of each of the rates described under (e), (f) and (g) above, and the weighted average remaining term to maturity by unpaid principal balance as of the Cut-off Date. EXHIBIT 3 MORTGAGE LOAN SELLER’S INFORMATION All information in the Prospectus Supplement described under the following Sections: “DESCRIPTION OF THE MORTGAGE LOANS” and “SCHEDULE A — CERTAIN CHARACTERISTICS OF THE MORTGAGE LOANS.” EXHIBIT 4 PURCHASER’S INFORMATION All information in the Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus, except the Mortgage Loan Seller’s Information. EXHIBIT 5 SCHEDULE OF LOST NOTES Available Upon Request EXHIBIT 6 REVISED August 1, 2005 APPENDIX E – STANDARD & POOR’S PREDATORY LENDING CATEGORIES Standard & Poor’s has categorized loans governed by anti-predatory lending laws in the Jurisdictions listed below into three categories based upon a combination of factors that include (a) the risk exposure associated with the assignee liability and (b) the tests and thresholds set forth in those laws. Note that certain loans classified by the relevant statute as Covered are included in Standard & Poor’s High Cost Loan Category because they included thresholds and tests that are typical of what is generally considered High Cost by the industry. STANDARD & POOR’S HIGH COST LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Arkansas Arkansas Home Loan Protection Act, Ark. Code Ann. §§ 23-53-101 et seq . Effective July 16, 2003 High Cost Home Loan Cleveland Heights, OH Ordinance No. 72-2003 (PSH), Mun. Code §§ 757.01 et seq . Effective June 2, 2003 Covered Loan Colorado Consumer Equity Protection, Colo. Stat. Ann. §§ 5-3.5-101 et seq . Effective for covered loans offered or entered into on or after January 1, 2003. Other provisions of the Act took effect on June 7, 2002 Covered Loan Connecticut Connecticut Abusive Home Loan Lending Practices Act, Conn. Gen. Stat. §§ 36a-746 et seq . Effective October 1, 2001 High Cost Home Loan District of Columbia Home Loan Protection Act, D.C. Code §§ 26-1151.01 et seq . Effective for loans closed on or after January 28, 2003 Covered Loan Florida Fair Lending Act, Fla. Stat. Ann. §§ 494.0078 et seq . Effective October 2, 2002 High Cost Home Loan Georgia (Oct. 1, 2002 – Mar. 6, 2003) Georgia Fair Lending Act, Ga. Code Ann. §§ 7-6A-1 et seq . High Cost Home Loan STANDARD & POOR’S HIGH COST LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Effective October 1, 2002 – March 6, 2003 Georgia as amended (Mar. 7, 2003 – current) Georgia Fair Lending Act, Ga. Code Ann. §§ 7-6A-1 et seq . Effective for loans closed on or after March 7, 2003 High Cost Home Loan HOEPA Section 32 Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994, 15 U.S.C. § 1639, 12 C.F.R. §§ 226.32 and 226.34 Effective October 1, 1995, amendments October 1, 2002 High Cost Loan Illinois High Risk Home Loan Act, Ill. Comp. Stat. tit. 815, §§ 137/5 et seq . Effective January 1, 2004 (prior to this date, regulations under Residential Mortgage License Act effective from May 14, 2001) High Risk Home Loan Kansas Consumer Credit Code, Kan. Stat. Ann. §§ 16a-1-101 et seq . Sections 16a-1-301 and 16a-3-207 became effective April 14, 1999; Section 16a-3-308a became effective July 1, 1999 High Loan to Value Consumer Loan (id. § 16a-3-207) and; High APR Consumer Loan (id. § 16a-3-308a) Kentucky 2003 KY H.B. 287 – High Cost Home Loan Act, Ky. Rev. Stat. §§ 360.100 et seq . Effective June 24, 2003 High Cost Home Loan Maine Truth in Lending, Me. Rev. Stat. tit. 9-A, §§ 8-101 et seq . Effective September 29, 1995 and as amended from time to time High Rate High Fee Mortgage Massachusetts Part 40 and Part 32, 209 C.M.R. §§ 32.00 et seq . and 209 C.M.R. §§ 40.01 et seq . High Cost Home Loan STANDARD & POOR’S HIGH COST LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Effective March 22, 2001 and amended from time to time Nevada Assembly Bill No. 284, Nev. Rev. Stat. §§ 598D.010 et seq . Effective October 1, 2003 Home Loan New Jersey New Jersey Home Ownership Security Act of 2002, N.J. Rev. Stat. §§ 46:10B-22 et seq . Effective for loans closed on or after November 27, 2003 High Cost Home Loan New Mexico Home Loan Protection Act, N.M. Rev. Stat. §§ 58-21A-1 et seq . Effective as of January 1, 2004; Revised as of February 26, 2004 High Cost Home Loan New York N.Y. Banking Law Article 6-l Effective for applications made on or after April 1, 2003 High Cost Home Loan North Carolina Restrictions and Limitations on High Cost Home Loans, N.C. Gen. Stat. §§ 24-1.1E et seq . Effective July 1, 2000; amended October 1, 2003 (adding open-end lines of credit) High Cost Home Loan Ohio H.B. 386 (codified in various sections of the Ohio Code), Ohio Rev. Code Ann. §§ 1349.25 et seq . Effective May 24, 2002 Covered Loan Oklahoma Consumer Credit Code (codified in various sections of Title 14A) Effective July 1, 2000; amended effective January 1, 2004 Subsection 10 Mortgage South Carolina South Carolina High Cost and Consumer Home Loans Act, S.C. Code High Cost Home Loan STANDARD & POOR’S HIGH COST LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Ann. §§ 37-23-10 et seq . Effective for loans taken on or after January 1, 2004 West Virginia West Virginia Residential Mortgage Lender, Broker and Servicer Act, W. Va. Code Ann. §§ 31-17-1 et seq . Effective June 5, 2002 West Virginia Mortgage Loan Act Loan STANDARD & POOR’S COVERED LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Georgia (Oct. 1, 2002 – Mar. 6, 2003) Georgia Fair Lending Act, Ga. Code Ann. §§ 7-6A-1 et seq . Effective October 1, 2002 – March 6, 2003 Covered Loan New Jersey New Jersey Home Ownership Security Act of 2002, N.J. Rev. Stat. §§ 46:10B-22 et seq . Effective November 27, 2003 – July 5, 2004 Covered Home Loan STANDARD & POOR’S HOME LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Georgia (Oct. 1, 2002 – Mar. 6, 2003) Georgia Fair Lending Act, Ga. Code Ann. §§ 7-6A-1 et seq . Effective October 1, 2002 – March 6, 2003 Home Loan New Jersey New Jersey Home Ownership Security Home Loan STANDARD & POOR’S HOME LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Act of 2002, N.J. Rev. Stat. §§ 46:10B-22 et seq . Effective for loans closed on or after November 27, 2003 New Mexico Home Loan Protection Act, N.M. Rev. Stat. §§ 58-21A-1 et seq . Effective as of January 1, 2004; Revised as of February 26, 2004 Home Loan North Carolina Restrictions and Limitations on High Cost Home Loans, N.C. Gen. Stat. §§ 24-1.1E et seq . Effective July 1, 2000; amended October 1, 2003 (adding open-end lines of credit) Consumer Home Loan South Carolina South Carolina High Cost and Consumer Home Loans Act, S.C. Code Ann. §§ 37-23-10 et seq . Effective for loans taken on or after January 1, 2004 Consumer Home Loan SCHEDULE A REQUIRED RATINGS FOR EACH CLASS OF NOTES Public Notes Class S&P Moody’s Class A-1 AAA Aaa Class A-2 AAA Aaa Class M-1 AA+ Aa1 Class M-2 AA+ Aa2 Class B-1 AA Aa3 None of the above ratings has been lowered since the respective dates of such letters. Private Notes Class S&P Moody’s Class B-2 AA -- Class B-3 A -- Class B-4 BBB -- Class B-5 BBB- -- Class B-6 BB -- None of the above ratings has been lowered since the respective dates of such letters. SCHEDULE B MORTGAGE LOAN SCHEDULE [Provided upon request] EXHIBIT J FORM OF SUBSEQUENT MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT SUBSEQUENT MORTGAGE LOAN PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of November 2, 2005, as amended and supplemented by any and all amendments hereto (collectively, the “ Agreement ”), by and between MERCURY MORTGAGE FINANCE STATUTORY TRUST, a Maryland Business Trust (the “ Mortgage Loan Seller ”) and STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC., a Delaware corporation (the “ Purchaser ”). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement, the Mortgage Loan Seller agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase, certain conventional, first lien mortgage loans secured primarily by one- to four-family residential properties and individual condominium units (collectively, the “ Subsequent Mortgage Loans ”) as described herein. The Purchaser has established Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the “Issuer”) pursuant to a Short Form Trust Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2005, as amended and restated on November 2, 2005 (the “Trust Agreement”), among the Purchaser, Chase Bank U.S.A., National Association (the “Owner Trustee”) and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the “Securities Administrator”). The Purchaser intends to sell the Subsequent Mortgage Loans to the Issuer pursuant to a Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2005 (the “Sale and Servicing Agreement”) among the Purchaser, the Issuer, the Mortgage Loan Seller, LaSalle Bank National Association, as indenture trustee (the “Indenture Trustee”) and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as securities administrator (in such capacity, the “Securities Administrator”) and as master servicer (in such capacity, the “Master Servicer”). The Issuer, pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2005 (the “Indenture”) among the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Securities Administrator intends to pledge the Subsequent Mortgage Loans to the Indenture Trustee and, issue and transfer to the Purchaser the Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, Mortgage-Backed Notes, Series 2005-1 and the Certificates issued pursuant to the Trust Agreement (the “Certificates”). The Certificates will be transferred by the Purchaser to the Mortgage Loan Seller or its designee as partial consideration for the sale of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans. The Master Servicer will master service the Subsequent Mortgage Loans on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. The servicing of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans will be provided by Countrywide Home Loans Servicing LP, EMC Mortgage Corporation and PHH Mortgage Corporation pursuant to the related Servicing Agreements as specified in Appendix A to the Indenture which (other than with respect to certain rights of the Mortgage Loan Seller against the servicer) will be assigned to the Issuer on the Closing Date pursuant to the Assignment Agreement. The representations and warranties made by the related Underlying Seller and the remedies for breach thereof will be assigned to the Issuer on the Closing Date pursuant to, and to the extent provided in the related Assignment Agreement. The Purchaser has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ Commission ”) a registration statement on Form S-3 (Number 333-120916) relating to its Mortgage-Backed Notes and the offering of certain series thereof (including certain classes of the Notes) from time to time in accordance with Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder (the “ Securities Act ”). Such registration statement, when it became effective under the Securities Act, and the prospectus relating to the public offering of certain classes of the Notes by the Purchaser (the “ Public Offering ”), as each may be amended or supplemented from time to time pursuant to the Securities Act or otherwise, are referred to herein as the “ Registration Statement” and the “Prospectus,” respectively. The “Prospectus Supplement” shall mean that supplement, dated November 1, 2005, to the Prospectus, dated December 20, 2004, relating to certain classes of the Notes. With respect to the Public Offering of certain classes of the Notes, the Purchaser and, Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. (“ Bear Stearns ”) and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (“ Morgan Stanley ”) have entered into a terms agreement dated as of November 1, 2005 to an underwriting agreement dated November 1, 2005, among the Purchaser, Bear Stearns and Morgan Stanley (together, the “ Underwriting Agreement ”). Now, therefore, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements set forth herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. Definitions . Certain terms are defined herein. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in Appendix A to the Indenture. The following other terms are defined as follows: Acquisition Price : Cash in an amount equal to $[___ * ____.__] (plus $[_____ * ___.__] in accrued interest) and the Certificates issued pursuant to the Trust Agreement. Bear Stearns : Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. Co-op Lease : With respect to a Co-op Loan, the lease with respect to a dwelling unit occupied by the Mortgagor and relating to the stock allocated to the related dwelling unit. Co-op Loan : A Mortgage Loan secured by the pledge of stock allocated to a dwelling unit in a residential cooperative housing corporation and a collateral assignment of the related Co-op Lease. Co-op Stock : With respect to a Co-op Loan, the single outstanding class of stock, partnership interest or other ownership instrument in the related residential cooperative housing corporation. Deleted Subsequent Mortgage Loan : A Subsequent Mortgage Loan replaced or to be replaced by a Substitute Mortgage Loan. Due Date : With respect to each Subsequent Mortgage Loan, the date in each month on which its scheduled payment is due if such due date is the first day of a month and otherwise is deemed to be the first day of the following month or such other date specified in the Wells Fargo Servicing Agreement. Master Servicer : Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. MERS : Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, or any successor thereto. MERS® System : The system of recording transfers of Mortgages electronically maintained by MERS. Moody’s : Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., or its successors in interest. Mortgage : The mortgage or deed of trust creating a first lien on an interest in real property securing a Mortgage Note. Mortgage File : The items referred to in Exhibit 1 pertaining to a particular Subsequent Mortgage Loan and any additional documents required to be added to such documents pursuant to this Agreement. Mortgage Interest Rate : The annual rate of interest borne by a Mortgage Note as stated therein. Mortgagor : The obligor(s) on a Mortgage Note. Net Rate : For each Subsequent Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage Interest Rate for such Subsequent Mortgage Loan less the Servicing Fee Rate and the Lender-Paid PMI Rate (if applicable) expressed as a per annum rate. Opinion of Counsel : A written opinion of counsel, who may be counsel for the Mortgage Loan Seller or the Purchaser, reasonably acceptable to the Indenture Trustee. Person : Any legal person, including any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. Purchase Price : With respect to any Subsequent Mortgage Loan (or any property acquired with respect thereto) required to be repurchased by the Mortgage Loan Seller pursuant to this Agreement, an amount equal to the sum of (i)(a) 100% of the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Subsequent Mortgage Loan as of the date of repurchase (or if the related Mortgaged Property was acquired with respect thereto, 100% of the Outstanding Principal Balance at the date of the acquisition), plus (b) accrued but unpaid interest on the Outstanding Principal Balance at the related Mortgage Interest Rate, through and including the last day of the month of repurchase, plus (c) any unreimbursed Monthly Advances and servicing advances payable to the Servicer of the Subsequent Mortgage Loan and (ii) any costs and damages (if any) incurred by the Trust in connection with any violation of such Subsequent Mortgage Loan of any anti-predatory lending laws. Rating Agencies : Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s, each a “ Rating Agency .” Securities Act : The Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Security Instrument : A written instrument creating a valid first lien on a Mortgaged Property securing a Mortgage Note, which may be any applicable form of mortgage, deed of trust, deed to secure debt or security deed, including any riders or addenda thereto. Standard & Poor’s : Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or its successors in interest. Subsequent Cut-off Date : November 1, 2005. Subsequent Cut-off Date Balance : $34,069,913.42. Subsequent Transfer Date : November 17, 2005 Substitute Subsequent Mortgage Loan : A mortgage loan substituted for a Deleted Subsequent Mortgage Loan which must meet, on the date of such substitution, the requirements stated herein and in the Sale and Servicing Agreement with respect to such substitution; upon such substitution, such mortgage loan shall be a “Subsequent Mortgage Loan” hereunder. Value : The value of the Mortgaged Property at the time of origination of the related Subsequent Mortgage Loan, such value being the lesser of (i) the value of such property set forth in an appraisal accepted by the applicable originator of the Subsequent Mortgage Loan or (ii) the sales price of such property at the time of origination. SECTION 2. Purchase and Sale of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans and Related Rights . (a) Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 10 hereof, the Mortgage Loan Seller agrees to sell, and the Purchaser agrees to purchase Subsequent Mortgage Loans having an aggregate Subsequent Cut-off Date Balance of $34,069,913.42. (b) The closing for the purchase and sale of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans and the closing for the issuance of the Notes will take place on the Subsequent Transfer Date at the office of the Purchaser’s counsel in New York, New York or such other place as the parties shall agree. (c) Upon the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 10 hereof, on the Subsequent Transfer Date, the Purchaser shall pay to the Mortgage Loan Seller the cash portion of the Acquisition Price for the Subsequent Mortgage Loans in immediately available funds by wire transfer to such account or accounts as shall be designated by the Mortgage Loan Seller and shall deliver the Certificates to the Mortgage Loan Seller or its designee. (d) In addition to the foregoing, on the Subsequent Transfer Date the Mortgage Loan Seller assigns to the Purchaser all of its right, title and interest in the Servicing Agreements. SECTION 3. Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedules . The Mortgage Loan Seller agrees to provide to the Purchaser as of the date hereof a preliminary listing of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans (the “ Preliminary Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule ”) setting forth the information listed on Exhibit 2 to this Agreement with respect to each of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans being sold by the Mortgage Loan Seller. If there are changes to the Preliminary Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall provide to the Purchaser as of the Subsequent Transfer Date a final schedule (the “ Final Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule ”, and together with the Preliminary Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule , the “ Mortgage Loan Schedule ”) setting forth the information listed on Exhibit 2 to this Agreement with respect to each of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans being sold by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Purchaser. The Final Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule shall be delivered to the Purchaser on the Subsequent Transfer Date, shall be attached to an amendment to this Agreement to be executed on the Subsequent Transfer Date by the parties hereto and shall be in form and substance mutually agreed to by the Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser (the “ Amendment ”). If there are no changes to the Preliminary Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule, the Preliminary Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule shall be the Final Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule for all purposes hereof. SECTION 4. Subsequent Mortgage Loan Transfer . (a) The Purchaser will be entitled to all scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Subsequent Mortgage Loans due after the Subsequent Cut-off Date (regardless of when actually collected) and all payments thereon, other than scheduled principal and interest on the Subsequent Mortgage Loans due on or before the Subsequent Cut-off Date but received after the Subsequent Cut-off Date. The Mortgage Loan Seller will be entitled to all scheduled payments of principal and interest on the Subsequent Mortgage Loans due on or before the Subsequent Cut-off Date (including payments collected after the Subsequent Cut-off Date) and all payments in respect of such payments due thereon, other than scheduled principal and interest on the Subsequent Mortgage Loans due after the Subsequent Cut-off Date and received on or before the Subsequent Cut-off Date. Such principal amounts and any interest thereon belonging to the Mortgage Loan Seller as described above will not be included in the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans as of the Subsequent Cut-off Date as set forth on the Final Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule. (b) Pursuant to various conveyancing documents to be executed on the Subsequent Transfer Date and pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Purchaser will sell, assign and transfer on the Subsequent Transfer Date all of its right, title and interest in and to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans to the Issuer and, pursuant to the Indenture, the Issuer will assign all of its right, title and interest to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, to secure the Notes issued pursuant to the Indenture. In connection with such transfers and assignments of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans, the Mortgage Loan Seller has delivered or will deliver or cause to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee, or the Custodian on its behalf, by the Subsequent Transfer Date or such later date a s is agreed to by the Purchaser and the Mortgage Loan Seller (each of the Subsequent Transfer Date and such later date is referred to as a “ Mortgage File Delivery Date ”), the items of each Mortgage File, provided , however , that in lieu of the foregoing, the Mortgage Loan Seller may deliver the following documents, under the circumstances set forth below: (i) in lieu of the original Security Instrument (including the Mortgage), assignments to the Indenture Trustee or intervening assignments thereof which have been delivered, are being delivered or will, upon receipt of recording information relating to the Security Instruments required to be included thereon, be delivered to recording offices for recording and have not been returned to the Mortgage Loan Seller in time to permit their delivery as specified above, the Mortgage Loan Seller may deliver a true copy thereof with a certification by the Mortgage Loan Seller, on the face of such copy, substantially as follows: “Certified to be a true and correct copy of the original, which has been transmitted for recording” (ii) in lieu of the Security Instrument, assignments to the Indenture Trustee or intervening assignments thereof, if the applicable jurisdiction retains the originals of such documents (as evidenced by a certification from the Mortgage Loan Seller to such effect) the Mortgage Loan Seller may deliver photocopies of such documents containing an original certification by the judicial or other governmental authority of the jurisdiction where such documents were recorded; (iii) in lieu of the Mortgage Notes relating to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans, each identified in the list delivered by the Purchaser to the Indenture Trustee on the Subsequent Transfer Date and attached hereto as Exhibit 5, the Mortgage Loan Seller may deliver lost note affidavits and indemnities of the Mortgage Loan Seller; and (iv) the Mortgage Loan Seller shall not be required to deliver intervening assignments or Mortgage Note endorsements between the related Underlying Seller and the Mortgage Loan Seller, between the Mortgage Loan Seller and the Depositor, between the Depositor and the Issuer and between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee; and provided further, however, that in the case of Subsequent Mortgage Loans which have been prepaid in full after the Subsequent Cut-off Date and prior to the Subsequent Transfer Date, the Mortgage Loan Seller, in lieu of delivering the above documents, may deliver to the Indenture Trustee and the Custodian a certification by the Mortgage Loan Seller or the Master Servicer to such effect and shall deposit all amounts paid in respect of such Subsequent Mortgage Loans in the Master Servicer Collection Account on the Subsequent Transfer Date. The Mortgage Loan Seller shall deliver such original documents (including any original documents as to which certified copies had previously been delivered) or such certified copies to the Indenture Trustee promptly after they are received. The Mortgage Loan Seller shall cause the Mortgage and intervening assignments, if any, and the assignment of the Security Instrument to be recorded not later than 180 days after the Subsequent Transfer Date, unless such assignment is not required to be recorded under the terms set forth in Section 6(a) hereof. (c) In connection with the assignment of any Mortgage Loan registered on the MERS® System, the Mortgage Loan Seller further agrees that it will cause, at the Mortgage Loan Seller’s own expense, within 30 days after the Closing Date, the MERS® System to indicate that such Mortgage Loans have been assigned by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Purchaser, by the Purchaser to the Issuer and by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee in accordance with this Agreement for the benefit of the Noteholders by including (or deleting, in the case of Mortgage Loans which are repurchased in accordance with this Agreement) in such computer files (a) the code in the field which identifies the specific Indenture Trustee and (b) the code in the field “Pool Field” which identifies the series of the Notes issued in connection with such Mortgage Loans. The Mortgage Loan Seller further agrees that it will not, and will not permit any Servicer or the Master Servicer to alter the codes referenced in this paragraph with respect to any Mortgage Loan during the term of the Indenture unless and until such Mortgage Loan is repurchased in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. (d) The Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser acknowledge hereunder that all of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans and the related servicing will ultimately be assigned to LaSalle Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders, on the date hereof. SECTION 5. Examination of Mortgage Files . (a) On or before the Mortgage File Delivery Date, the Mortgage Loan Seller will have made the Mortgage Files available to the Purchaser or its agent for examination which may be at the offices of the Indenture Trustee or the Mortgage Loan Seller and/or the Mortgage Loan Seller’s custodian. The fact that the Purchaser or its agent has conducted or has failed to conduct any partial or complete examination of the Mortgage Files shall not affect the Purchaser’s rights to demand cure, repurchase, substitution or other relief as provided in this Agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall make the Mortgage Files available to the Purchaser or its agent from time to time so as to permit the Purchaser to confirm the Mortgage Loan Seller’s compliance with the delivery and recordation requirements of this Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement. In addition, upon request of the Purchaser, the Mortgage Loan Seller agrees to provide to the Purchaser, Bear Stearns and to any investors or prospective investors in the Notes information regarding the Subsequent Mortgage Loans and their servicing, to make the Mortgage Files available to the Purchaser, Bear Stearns and to such investors or prospective investors (which may be at the offices of the Mortgage Loan Seller and/or the Mortgage Loan Seller’s custodian) and to make available personnel knowledgeable about the Subsequent Mortgage Loans for discussions with the Purchaser, Bear Stearns and such investors or prospective investors, upon reasonable request during regular business hours, sufficient to permit the Purchaser, Bear Stearns and such investors or potential investors to conduct such due diligence as any such party reasonably believes is appropriate. (b) Pursuant to the Custodial Agreement, on the Subsequent Transfer Date the Custodian, on behalf of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, will acknowledge receipt of each Subsequent Mortgage Loan, by delivery to the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Purchaser and the Issuer of an initial certification in the form attached as Exhibit One to the Custodial Agreement. (c) Pursuant to the Custodial Agreement, within 90 days of the Subsequent Transfer Date, the Indenture Trustee will review or shall cause the Custodian to review items of the Mortgage Files as set forth on Exhibit 1 and will deliver to the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Purchaser and the Indenture Trustee an interim certification substantially in the form of Exhibit Two to the Custodial Agreement. If the Indenture Trustee or Custodian, as its agent, finds any document listed on Exhibit 1 not to have been executed or received, or to be unrelated, determined on the basis of the Mortgagor name, original principal balance and loan number, to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans identified in the Final Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule or to appear defective on its face to review criteria specified in Section 2.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement (a “ Material Defect ”), the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the Sale and Servicing Agreement or the Custodian, as its agent, shall promptly notify the Mortgage Loan Seller of such Material Defect. The Mortgage Loan Seller shall correct or cure any such Material Defect within 90 days from the date of notice from the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, as its agent, of the Material Defect and if the Mortgage Loan Seller fails to correct or cure such Material Defect within such period and such defect materially and adversely affects the interests of the Noteholders in the related Subsequent Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage Loan Seller will, in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, within 90 days of the date of notice, provide the Indenture Trustee with a Substitute Subsequent Mortgage Loan (if within two years of the Subsequent Transfer Date) or purchase the related Subsequent Mortgage Loan at the applicable Purchase Price; provided that, if such defect would cause the Mortgage Loan to be other than a “qualified mortgage” as defined in Section 860G(a)(3) of the Code, any such cure, repurchase or substitution must occur within 90 days from the date such breach was discovered; provided , however , that if such defect relates solely to the inability of the Mortgage Loan Seller to deliver the original Security Instrument or intervening assignments thereof, or a certified copy because the originals of such documents, or a certified copy, have not been returned by the applicable jurisdiction, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall not be required to purchase such Subsequent Mortgage Loan if the Mortgage Loan Seller delivers such original documents or certified copy promptly upon receipt, but in no event later than 360 days after the Subsequent Transfer Date. The foregoing repurchase obligation shall not apply in the event that the Mortgage Loan Seller cannot deliver such original or copy of any document submitted for recording to the appropriate recording office in the applicable jurisdiction because such document has not been returned by such office; provided that the Mortgage Loan Seller shall instead deliver a recording receipt of such recording office or, if such receipt is not available, a certificate confirming that such documents have been accepted for recording, and delivery to the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, as its agent, shall be effected by the Mortgage Loan Seller within thirty days of its receipt of the original recorded document. (d) Pursuant to the Custodial Agreement, within 180 days of the Subsequent Transfer Date (or, with respect to any Substitute Subsequent Mortgage Loan, within five Business Days after the receipt by the Indenture Trustee or Custodian thereof) the Indenture Trustee will review or cause the Custodian to review items of the Mortgage Files as set forth on Exhibit 1 and will deliver to the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Purchaser and the Indenture Trustee a final certification substantially in the form of Exhibit Three to the Custodial Agreement. If the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, as its agent, finds a Material Defect, the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, as its agent, shall promptly notify the Mortgage Loan Seller of such Material Defect. The Mortgage Loan Seller shall correct or cure any such Material Defect within 90 days from the date of notice from the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, as its agent, of the Material Defect and if the Mortgage Loan Seller fails to correct or cure such Material Defect within such period and such defect materially and adversely affects the interests of the Noteholders in the related Subsequent Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage Loan Seller will, in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, within 90 days of the date of notice, provide the Indenture Trustee with a Substitute Subsequent Mortgage Loan (if within two years of the Subsequent Transfer Date) or purchase the related Subsequent Mortgage Loan at the applicable Purchase Price; provided, however , that if such defect relates solely to the inability of the Mortgage Loan Seller to deliver the original Security Instrument or intervening assignments thereof, or a certified copy because the originals of such documents, or a certified copy, have not been returned by the applicable jurisdiction, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall not be required to purchase such Subsequent Mortgage Loan if the Mortgage Loan Seller delivers such original documents or certified copy promptly upon receipt, but in no event later than 360 days after the Subsequent Transfer Date. The foregoing repurchase obligation shall not apply in the event that the Mortgage Loan Seller cannot deliver such original or copy of any document submitted for recording to the appropriate recording office in the applicable jurisdiction because such document has not been returned by such office; provided that the Mortgage Loan Seller shall instead deliver a recording receipt of such recording office or, if such receipt is not available, a certificate confirming that such documents have been accepted for recording, and delivery to the Indenture Trustee or the Custodian, as its agent, shall be effected by the Subsequent Mortgage Loan Seller within thirty days of its receipt of the original recorded document. (e) At the time of any substitution, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered the Substitute Subsequent Mortgage Loan, the related Mortgage File and any other documents and payments required to be delivered in connection with a substitution pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement. At the time of any purchase or substitution, the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Sale and Servicing Agreement shall (i) assign to the Mortgage Loan Seller and cause the Custodian to release the documents (including, but not limited to, the Mortgage, Mortgage Note and other contents of the Mortgage File) in the possession of the Custodian relating to the Deleted Subsequent Mortgage Loan and (ii) execute and deliver such instruments of transfer or assignment, in each case without recourse, as shall be necessary to vest in the Mortgage Loan Seller title to such Deleted Subsequent Mortgage Loan. SECTION 6. Recordation of Assignments of Mortgage . (a) The Mortgage Loan Seller shall cause each assignment of the Security Instrument from the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Indenture Trustee, to be recorded not later than 180 days after the Closing Date, unless (a) such recordation is not required by the Rating Agencies or an Opinion of Counsel has been provided to the Indenture Trustee (with a copy to the Custodian) which states that the recordation of such assignments is not necessary to protect the interests of the Noteholders in the related Subsequent Mortgage Loans or (b) MERS is identified on the Mortgage or on a properly recorded assignment of the Mortgage, as the Mortgagee of record solely as nominee for the Mortgage Loan Seller and its successors and assigns; provided , however , notwithstanding the delivery of any such Opinion of Counsel, each assignment of Mortgage shall be submitted for recording by the Mortgage Loan Seller in the manner described above, at no expense to the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, upon the earliest to occur of (i) reasonable direction by the Holders of Notes aggregating at least 25% of the Note Principal Balance of the Notes, (ii) the occurrence of a Master Servicer Event of Default or an Event of Default, (iii) the occurrence of a bankruptcy, insolvency or foreclosure relating to the Mortgage Loan Seller and, (iv) the occurrence of a servicing transfer as described in Section 6.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement. While each such Mortgage or assignment is being recorded, if necessary, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall leave or cause to be left with the Indenture Trustee a certified copy of such Mortgage or assignment. (b) It is the express intent of the parties hereto that the conveyance of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Purchaser, as contemplated by this Agreement be, and be treated as, a sale. It is, further, not the intention of the parties that such conveyance be deemed a pledge of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Purchaser to secure a debt or other obligation of the Mortgage Loan Seller. However, in the event that, notwithstanding the intent of the parties, the Subsequent Mortgage Loans are held by a court to continue to be property of the Mortgage Loan Seller, then (i) this Agreement shall also be deemed to be a security agreement within the meaning of Articles 8 and 9 of the applicable Uniform Commercial Code; (ii) the transfer of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans provided for herein shall be deemed to be a grant by the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Purchaser of a security interest in all of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s right, title and interest in and to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans and all amounts payable to the holders of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans in accordance with the terms thereof and all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary, of the foregoing into cash, instruments, securities or other property, to the extent the Purchaser would otherwise be entitled to own such Subsequent Mortgage Loans and proceeds pursuant to Section 4 hereof, including all amounts, other than investment earnings, from time to time held or invested in any accounts created pursuant to the Indenture or the Sale and Servicing Agreement, whether in the form of cash, instruments, securities or other property; (iii) the possession by the Purchaser, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee of Mortgage Notes and such other items of property as constitute instruments, money, negotiable documents or chattel paper shall be deemed to be “possession by the secured party” for purposes of perfecting the security interest pursuant to Section 9-313 (or comparable provision) of the applicable Uniform Commercial Code; and (iv) notifications to persons holding such property, and acknowledgments, receipts or confirmations from persons holding such property, shall be deemed notifications to, or acknowledgments, receipts or confirmations from, financial intermediaries, bailees or agents (as applicable) of the Purchaser for the purpose of perfecting such security interest under applicable law. Any assignment of the interest of the Purchaser pursuant to any provision hereof or pursuant to the Sale and Servicing Agreement and any subsequent assignment pursuant to the Indenture shall also be deemed to be an assignment of any security interest created hereby. The Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser shall, to the extent consistent with this Agreement, take such actions as may be reasonably necessary to ensure that, if this Agreement were deemed to create a security interest in the Subsequent Mortgage Loans, such security interest would be deemed to be a perfected security interest of first priority under applicable law and will be maintained as such throughout the term of the Indenture. SECTION 7. Representations and Warranties of Mortgage Loan Seller Concerning the Subsequent Mortgage Loans . The Mortgage Loan Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Purchaser as of the Subsequent Transfer Date, or such other date as may be specified below with respect to each Subsequent Mortgage Loan being sold by it, that: (i) the information set forth in the Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule hereto is true and correct in all material respects and the information provided to the Rating Agencies, including the Subsequent Mortgage Loan level detail, is true and correct according to the Rating Agency requirements; (ii) immediately prior to the transfer to the Purchaser, the Mortgage Loan Seller was the sole owner of beneficial title and holder of each Mortgage and Mortgage Note relating to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans and is conveying the same free and clear of any and all liens, claims, encumbrances, participation interests, equities, pledges, charges or security interests of any nature and the Mortgage Loan Seller has full right and authority to sell or assign the same pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) each Subsequent Mortgage Loan at the time it was made complied in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, usury, equal credit opportunity, disclosure and recording laws and all applicable anti-predatory lending laws; and each Subsequent Mortgage Loan has been serviced in all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, including, without limitation, usury, equal credit opportunity, disclosure and recording laws and all applicable anti-predatory lending laws and the terms of the related Mortgage Note, the Mortgage and other loan documents; (iv) there is no monetary default existing under any Mortgage or the related Mortgage Note and there is no material event which, with the passage of time or with notice and the expiration of any grace or cure period, would constitute a default, breach or event of acceleration; and neither the Mortgage Loan Seller, any of its affiliates nor any servicer of any related Subsequent Mortgage Loan has taken any action to waive any default, breach or event of acceleration; and no foreclosure action is threatened or has been commenced with respect to the Subsequent Mortgage Loan; (v) the terms of the Mortgage Note and the Mortgage have not been impaired, waived, altered or modified in any respect, except by written instruments, (i) if required by law in the jurisdiction where the Mortgaged Property is located, or (ii) to protect the interests of the Indenture Trustee and maintain the lien priority of the Mortgage on behalf of the Noteholders; (vi) no selection procedure reasonably believed by the Mortgage Loan Seller to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders was utilized in selecting the Subsequent Mortgage Loans; (vii) each Mortgage is a valid and enforceable first lien on the property securing the related Mortgage Note and each Mortgaged Property is owned by the Mortgagor in fee simple (except with respect to common areas in the case of condominiums, PUDs and de minimis PUDs) or by leasehold for a term longer than the term of the related Mortgage, subject only to (i) the lien of current real property taxes and assessments, (ii) covenants, conditions and restrictions, rights of way, easements and other matters of public record as of the date of recording of such Mortgage, such exceptions being acceptable to mortgage lending institutions generally or specifically reflected in the appraisal obtained in connection with the origination of the related Subsequent Mortgage Loan or referred to in the lender’s title insurance policy delivered to the originator of the related Subsequent Mortgage Loan and (iii) other matters to which like properties are commonly subject which do not materially interfere with the benefits of the security intended to be provided by such Mortgage; (viii) there is no mechanics’ lien or claim for work, labor or material affecting the premises subject to any Mortgage which is or may be a lien prior to, or equal with, the lien of such Mortgage except those which are insured against by the title insurance policy referred to in (xiii) below; (ix) there was no delinquent tax or assessment lien against the property subject to any Mortgage, except where such lien was being contested in good faith and a stay had been granted against levying on the property; (x) there is no valid offset, defense or counterclaim to any Mortgage Note or Mortgage, including the obligation of the Mortgagor to pay the unpaid principal and interest on such Mortgage Note; (xi) the physical property subject to any Mortgage is free of material damage and is in good repair and there is no proceeding pending or threatened for the total or partial condemnation of any Mortgaged Property; (xii) the Mortgaged Property and all improvements thereon comply with all requirements of any applicable zoning and subdivision laws and ordinances; (xiii) a lender’s title insurance policy (on an ALTA or CLTA form) or binder, or other assurance of title customary in the relevant jurisdiction therefor in a form acceptable to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, was issued on the date that each Subsequent Mortgage Loan was created by a title insurance company which, to the best of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s knowledge, was qualified to do business in the jurisdiction where the related Mortgaged Property is located, insuring the Mortgage Loan Seller and its successors and assigns that the Mortgage is a first priority lien on the related Mortgaged Property in the original principal amount of the Subsequent Mortgage Loan. The Mortgage Loan Seller is the sole insured under such lender’s title insurance policy, and such policy, binder or assurance is valid and remains in full force and effect, and each such policy, binder or assurance shall contain all applicable endorsements including a negative amortization endorsement, if applicable; (xiv) at the time of origination, each Mortgaged Property was the subject of an appraisal which conformed to the underwriting requirements of the originator of the Subsequent Mortgage Loan and, the appraisal is in a form acceptable to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac; (xv) as of the Subsequent Transfer Date, the improvements on each Mortgaged Property securing a Subsequent Mortgage Loan are insured (by an insurer which is acceptable to the Mortgage Loan Seller) against loss by fire and such hazards as are covered under a standard extended coverage endorsement in the locale in which the Mortgaged Property is located, in an amount which is not less than the lesser of the maximum insurable value of the improvements securing such Subsequent Mortgage Loan or the outstanding principal balance of the Subsequent Mortgage Loan, but in no event in an amount less than an amount that is required to prevent the Mortgagor from being deemed to be a co-insurer thereunder; if the improvement on the Mortgaged Property is a condominium unit, it is included under the coverage afforded by a blanket policy for the condominium project; if upon origination of the related Subsequent Mortgage Loan, the improvements on the Mortgaged Property were in an area identified as a federally designated flood area, a flood insurance policy is in effect in an amount representing coverage not less than the least of (i) the outstanding principal balance of the Subsequent Mortgage Loan, (ii) the restorable cost of improvements located on such Mortgaged Property or (iii) the maximum coverage available under federal law; and each Mortgage obligates the Mortgagor thereunder to maintain the insurance referred to above at the Mortgagor’s cost and expense; (xvi) each Subsequent Mortgage Loan was originated (1) by a savings and loan association, savings bank, commercial bank, credit union, insurance company or similar institution that is supervised and examined by a federal or state authority, (2) by a mortgagee approved by the Secretary of HUD pursuant to Sections 203 and 211 of the National Housing Act, as amended, or (3) by a mortgage broker or correspondent lender in a manner such that the related Subsequent Mortgage Loan would be regarded for purposes of Section 3(a)(41) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as having been originated by an entity described in clauses (1) or (2) above; (xvii) none of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans are (a) loans subject to 12 CFR Part 226.31, 12 CFR Part 226.32 or 12 CFR Part 226.34 of Regulation Z, the regulation implementing TILA, which implements the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994, as amended or (b) classified and/or defined as a “high cost home loan” under any federal, state or local law, including, but not limited to, the States of Georgia or North Carolina; (xviii) the information set forth in Schedule A of the Prospectus Supplement with respect to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans is true and correct in all material respects; and (xix) no Subsequent Mortgage Loan is a High Cost Loan or Covered Loan, as applicable (as such terms are defined in the then current Standard & Poor’s LEVELS ® Glossary, which is now Version 5.6c Revised, Appendix E, attached hereto as Exhibit 6) and no Subsequent Mortgage Loan originated on or after October 1, 2002 through March 6, 2003 is governed by the “Georgia Fair Lending Act.” (xx) each Subsequent Mortgage Loan was originated in accordance with the underwriting guidelines of the related originator; (xxi) each original Mortgage has been recorded or is in the process of being recorded in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement in the appropriate jurisdictions wherein such recordation is required to perfect the lien thereof for the benefit of the Trust Fund; (xxii) the related Mortgage File contains each of the documents and instruments listed in Section 2.01 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, subject to any exceptions, substitutions and qualifications as are set forth in such Section; (xxiii) the Subsequent Mortgage Loans are currently being serviced in accordance with accepted servicing practices; (xxiv) at the time of origination, each Mortgaged Property was the subject of an appraisal which conformed to the underwriting requirements of the originator of the Subsequent Mortgage Loan, and the appraisal is in a form which was acceptable to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac at the time of origination; (xxv) none of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans that are secured by property located in the State of Illinois are in violation of the provisions of the Illinois Interest Act; and (xxvi) with respect to each Co-op Loan, the security instruments create a valid, enforceable and subsisting first priority security interest in the Co-op Lease and Co-op Stock securing the related Mortgage Note subject to only to (a) the lien of the related cooperative for unpaid assessments representing the Mortgagor’s pro rata share of payments for a blanket mortgage, if any, current and future real property taxes, insurance premiums, maintenance fees and other assessments to which like collateral is commonly subject, and (b) other matters to which the collateral is commonly subject which do not materially interfere with the benefits of the security intended to be provided; provided, however, that the related Co-op Loan may be subordinated or otherwise subject to the lien of a Mortgage on the cooperative building. It is understood and agreed that the representations and warranties set forth in this Section 7 will inure to the benefit of the Purchaser, its successors and assigns, notwithstanding any restrictive or qualified endorsement on any Mortgage Note or assignment of Mortgage or the examination of any Mortgage File. Upon any substitution for a Subsequent Mortgage Loan, the representations and warranties set forth above shall be deemed to be made by the Mortgage Loan Seller as to any Substitute Subsequent Mortgage Loan as of the date of substitution. Upon discovery or receipt of notice by the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Purchaser, the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee of a breach of any representation or warranty of the Mortgage Loan Seller set forth in this Section 7 or of a breach of any representation or warranty relating to the Countrywide, EMC or PHH Mortgage Loans, as applicable, in the related Servicing Agreement, which materially and adversely affects the value of the interests of the Purchaser, the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Indenture Trustee in any of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans delivered to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, the party discovering or receiving notice of such breach shall give prompt written notice to the others and within the period of time specified in the related Servicing Agreement, will (i) cure such breach in all material respects, (ii) purchase the affected Subsequent Mortgage Loan at the applicable Purchase Price or (iii) if within two years of the Subsequent Transfer Date, substitute a qualifying Substitute Subsequent Mortgage Loan in exchange for such Mortgage Loan. If there is a breach of a representation or warranty relating to a Countrywide Mortgage Loan and Countrywide did not make such representation or warranty to the trust but EMC made such representation or warranty to the trust with respect to the Countrywide Mortgage Loan then EMC will (i) cure such breach in all material respects, (ii) purchase the affected Mortgage Loan at the applicable Purchase Price or (iii) if within two years of the Closing Date, substitute a qualifying Substitute Mortgage Loan in exchange for such Mortgage Loan in accordance with the EMC Servicing Agreement. The Mortgage Loan Seller will only be required to cure, purchase or substitute for a breach of a representation or warranty set forth in this Section 7 if Countrywide, EMC or PHH, as applicable is not required to cure, purchase or substitute under the related Servicing Agreement, or in the case of a Countrywide Mortgage Loan, if EMC also was not required to cure under the EMC Servicing Agreement. If that is the case, within 90 days from the date of discovery by the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Mortgage Loan Seller will (i) cure such breach in all material respects, (ii) purchase the affected Subsequent Mortgage Loan at the applicable Purchase Price or (iii) if within two years of the Subsequent Transfer Date, substitute a qualifying Substitute Subsequent Mortgage Loan in exchange for such Subsequent Mortgage Loan. The obligations of the Mortgage Loan Seller, Countrywide, EMC and PHH, as applicable, to cure, purchase or substitute a qualifying Substitute Subsequent Mortgage Loan shall constitute the Purchaser’s, the Issuer’s, the Indenture Trustee’s and the Noteholder’s sole and exclusive remedy under this Agreement or otherwise respecting a breach of representations or warranties hereunder with respect to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans, except for the obligation of the Mortgage Loan Seller to indemnify the Purchaser for such breach as set forth in and limited by Section 13 hereof. Any cause of action against the Mortgage Loan Seller relating to or arising out of a breach by the Mortgage Loan Seller of any representations and warranties made in this Section 7 or breach of Countrywide, EMC or PHH relating to or arising out of a breach in the related Servicing Agreement shall accrue as to any Subsequent Mortgage Loan upon (i) discovery of such breach by the Mortgage Loan Seller, Countrywide, EMC or PHH, as applicable, or notice thereof by the party discovering such breach and (ii) failure by the Mortgage Loan Seller, Countrywide, EMC or PHH, as applicable, to cure such breach, purchase such Subsequent Mortgage Loan or substitute a qualifying Substitute Subsequent Mortgage Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. SECTION 8. Representations and Warranties Concerning the Mortgage Loan Seller . As of the date hereof and as of the Subsequent Transfer Date, the Mortgage Loan Seller represents and warrants to the Purchaser as to itself in the capacity indicated as follows: (a) the Mortgage Loan Seller (i) is a business trust duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Maryland and (ii) is qualified and in good standing to do business in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except where the failure so to qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Mortgage Loan Seller’s business as presently conducted or on the Mortgage Loan Seller’s ability to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (b) the Mortgage Loan Seller has full requisite power to own its property, to carry on its business as presently conducted and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement; (c) the execution and delivery by the Mortgage Loan Seller of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Mortgage Loan Seller; and neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, nor compliance with the provisions hereof, will conflict with or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any of the provisions of any law, governmental rule, regulation, judgment, decree or order binding on the Mortgage Loan Seller or its properties or the charter or by-laws of the Mortgage Loan Seller, except those conflicts, breaches or defaults which would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Mortgage Loan Seller’s ability to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (d) the execution, delivery and performance by the Mortgage Loan Seller of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not require the consent or approval of, the giving of notice to, the registration with, or the taking of any other action in respect of, any state, federal or other governmental authority or agency, except those consents, approvals, notices, registrations or other actions as have already been obtained, given or made and, in connection with the recordation of the Mortgages, powers of attorney or assignments of Mortgages not yet completed; (e) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Mortgage Loan Seller and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Purchaser, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Mortgage Loan Seller enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of the rights of creditors generally); (f) there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Mortgage Loan Seller, threatened against the Mortgage Loan Seller, before or by any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body (i) with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) with respect to any other matter which in the judgment of the Mortgage Loan Seller will be determined adversely to the Mortgage Loan Seller and will if determined adversely to the Mortgage Loan Seller materially and adversely affect the Mortgage Loan Seller’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement; and the Mortgage Loan Seller is not in default with respect to any order of any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body so as to materially and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (g) the Mortgage Loan Seller’s Information (as defined in Section 13(a) hereof) does not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and (h) the Mortgage Loan Seller is a member of MERS in good standing. SECTION 9. Representations and Warranties Concerning the Purchaser . As of the date hereof and as of the Subsequent Transfer Date, the Purchaser represents and warrants to the Mortgage Loan Seller as follows: (a) the Purchaser (i) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and (ii) is qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation to do business in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except where the failure so to qualify would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Purchaser’s business as presently conducted or on the Purchaser’s ability to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (b) the Purchaser has full corporate power to own its property, to carry on its business as presently conducted and to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement; (c) the execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Purchaser; and neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated, nor compliance with the provisions hereof, will conflict with or result in a breach of, or constitute a default under, any of the provisions of any law, governmental rule, regulation, judgment, decree or order binding on the Purchaser or its properties or the articles of incorporation or by-laws of the Purchaser, except those conflicts, breaches or defaults which would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Purchaser’s ability to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (d) the execution, delivery and performance by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not require the consent or approval of, the giving of notice to, the registration with, or the taking of any other action in respect of, any state, federal or other governmental authority or agency, except those consents, approvals, notices, registrations or other actions as have already been obtained, given or made; (e) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Mortgage Loan Seller, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser enforceable against it in accordance with its terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of the rights of creditors generally); (f) there are no actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened against the Purchaser, before or by any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body (i) with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) with respect to any other matter which in the judgment of the Purchaser will be determined adversely to the Purchaser and will if determined adversely to the Purchaser materially and adversely affect the Purchaser’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement; and the Purchaser is not in default with respect to any order of any court, administrative agency, arbitrator or governmental body so as to materially and adversely affect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (g) the Purchaser’s Information (as defined in Section 13(b) hereof) does not include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. SECTION 10. Conditions to Closing . (a) The obligations of the Purchaser under this Agreement will be subject to the satisfaction, on or prior to the Subsequent Transfer Date, of the following conditions: (i) Each of the obligations of the Mortgage Loan Seller required to be performed at or prior to the Subsequent Transfer Date pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall have been duly performed and complied with in all material respects; all of the representations and warranties of the Mortgage Loan Seller under this Agreement shall be true and correct as of the date or dates specified in all material respects; and no event shall have occurred which, with notice or the passage of time, would constitute a default under this Agreement, or the Sale and Servicing Agreement; and the Purchaser shall have received certificates to that effect signed by authorized officers of the Mortgage Loan Seller. (ii) The Purchaser shall have received all of the following closing documents, in such forms as are agreed upon and reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser, duly executed by all signatories (other than the Purchaser) as required pursuant to the respective terms thereof: (1) If required pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the Amendment dated as of the Subsequent Transfer Date and any documents referred to therein; (2) If required pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the Final Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule containing the information set forth on Exhibit 2 hereto, one copy to be attached to each counterpart of the Amendment; (3) A certificate of an officer of the Mortgage Loan Seller dated as of the Subsequent Transfer Date, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser, and attached thereto the resolutions of the Mortgage Loan Seller authorizing the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, together with copies of the charter and by-laws of the Mortgage Loan Seller; (4) One or more opinions of counsel from the Mortgage Loan Seller’s counsel otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Purchaser, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and each Rating Agency; ment and the Purchase Agreement shall have been issued and sold to Bear Stearns and Morgan Stanley. The Mortgage Loan Seller shall have furnished to the Purchaser such other certificates of its officers or others and such other documents and opinions of counsel to evidence fulfillment of the conditions set forth in this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby as the Purchaser and its counsel may reasonably request. (b) The obligations of the Mortgage Loan Seller under this Agreement shall be subject to the satisfaction, on or prior to the Subsequent Transfer Date, of the following conditions: (i) The obligations of the Purchaser required to be performed by it on or prior to the Subsequent Transfer Date pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall have been duly performed and complied with in all material respects, and all of the representations and warranties of the Purchaser under this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof and as of the Subsequent Transfer Date, and no event shall have occurred which would constitute a breach by it of the terms of this Agreement, and the Mortgage Loan Seller shall have received a certificate to that effect signed by an authorized officer of the Purchaser. (ii) The Mortgage Loan Seller shall have received copies of all of the following closing documents, in such forms as are agreed upon and reasonably acceptable to the Mortgage Loan Seller, duly executed by all signatories other than the Mortgage Loan Seller as required pursuant to the respective terms thereof: (1) If required pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the Amendment dated as of the Subsequent Transfer Date and any documents referred to therein; (2) The Trust Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Mortgage Loan Seller, and all documents required thereby duly executed by all signatories; (3) The Sale and Servicing Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Mortgage Loan Seller, and all documents required thereby duly executed by all signatories; (4) The Indenture, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Mortgage Loan Seller, and all documents required thereby duly executed by all signatories; (5) A certificate of an officer of the Purchaser dated as of the Subsequent Transfer Date, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Mortgage Loan Seller, and attached thereto the resolutions of the Purchaser authorizing the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Sale and Servicing Agreement, together with copies of the Purchaser’s articles of incorporation, and evidence as to the good standing of the Purchaser dated as of a recent date; (6) One or more opinions of counsel from the Purchaser’s counsel in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Mortgage Loan Seller; and (7) Such other documents, certificates (including additional representations and warranties) and opinions as may be reasonably necessary to secure the intended rating from each Rating Agency for the Notes; SECTION 11. Fees and Expenses . Subject to Section 16 hereof, the Mortgage Loan Seller shall pay on the Closing Date or such later date as may be agreed to by the Purchaser (i) the fees and expenses of the Mortgage Loan Seller’s attorneys and the reasonable fees and expenses of the Purchaser’s attorneys, (ii) the fees and expenses of Deloitte & Touche LLP,and review of the Mortgage Loans to be performed by the Custodian, (iii) the fees and expenses of each Rating Agency (both initial and ongoing) and (iv) the fees and expenses relating to the preparation and recordation of mortgage assignments (including intervening assignments, if any and if available, to evidence a complete chain of title from the originator to the Indenture Trustee) from the Mortgage Loan Seller to the Indenture Trustee or the expenses relatin g to the Opinion of Counsel referred to in Section 6(a) hereof, as the case may be. The Mortgage Loan Seller additionally agrees to pay directly to any third party on a timely basis the fees provided for above which are charged by such third party and which are billed periodically. SECTION 12. Accountants’ Letters . (a) Deloitte & Touche LLP will review the characteristics of a sample of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans described in the Final Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule and will compare those characteristics to the description of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans contained in Schedule A relating to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans. (b) To the extent statistical information with respect to the Master Servicer’s or a Servicer’s servicing portfolio is included in the Prospectus Supplement under the caption “The Master Servicer and the Servicers,” a letter from the certified public accountant for the Master Servicer and such Servicer or Servicers will be delivered to the Purchaser dated the date of the Prospectus Supplement, in the form previously agreed to by the Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser, with respect to such statistical information. SECTION 13. Indemnification . (a) The Mortgage Loan Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and its directors, officers and controlling persons (as defined in Section 15 of the Securities Act) from and against any loss, claim, damage or liability or action in respect thereof, to which they or any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or action arises out of, or is based upon (i) any untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Mortgage Loan Seller’s Information as identified in Exhibit 3 , the omission to state in the Mortgage Loan Seller’s information a material fact about the Mortgage Loans required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading. The foregoing indemnity agreement is in addition to any liability which the Mortgage Loan Seller otherwise may have to the Purchaser or any other such indemnified party. (b) The Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Mortgage Loan Seller and its respective directors, officers and controlling persons (as defined in Section 15 of the Securities Act) from and against any loss, claim, damage or liability or action in respect thereof, to which they or any of them may become subject, under the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such loss, claim, damage, liability or action arises out of, or is based upon (i) any untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Purchaser’s Information as identified in Exhibit 4 , the omission to state in the Prospectus Supplement or Prospectus (or any amendment thereof or supplement thereto approved by the Purchaser and in which additional Purchaser’s Information is identified), in reliance upon and in conformity with the Purchaser’s Information, a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading, (ii) any representation or warranty made by the Purchaser in Section 9 hereof being, or alleged to be, untrue or incorrect, or (iii) any failure by the Purchaser to perform its obligations under this Agreement; and the Purchaser shall reimburse the Mortgage Loan Seller, and each other indemnified party for any legal and other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending or preparing to defend any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action. The foregoing indemnity agreement is in addition to any liability which the Purchaser otherwise may have to the Mortgage Loan Seller, or any other such indemnified party, (c) Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under such subsection, notify each party against whom indemnification is to be sought in writing of the commencement thereof (but the failure so to notify an indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have under this Section 13 except to the extent that it has been prejudiced in any material respect by such failure or from any liability which it may have otherwise). In case any such action is brought against any indemnified party, and it notifies an indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party will be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent it may elect by written notice delivered to the indemnified party promptly (but, in any event, within 30 days) after receiving the aforesaid notice from such indemnified party, to assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the indemnified party or parties shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party or parties unless (i) the employment of such counsel shall have been authorized in writing by one of the indemnifying parties in connection with the defense of such action, (ii) the indemnifying parties shall not have employed counsel to have charge of the defense of such action within a reasonable time after notice of commencement of the action, or (iii) such indemnified party or parties shall have reasonably concluded that there is a conflict of interest between itself or themselves and the indemnifying party in the conduct of the defense of any claim or that the interests of the indemnified party or parties are not substantially co-extensive with those of the indemnifying party (in which case the indemnifying parties shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf of the indemnified party or parties), in any of which events such fees and expenses shall be borne by the indemnifying parties ( provided , however , that the indemnifying party shall be liable only for the fees and expenses of one counsel in addition to one local counsel in the jurisdiction involved. Anything in this subsection to the contrary notwithstanding, an indemnifying party shall not be liable for any settlement or any claim or action effected without its written consent; provided , however , that such consent was not unreasonably withheld. (d) If the indemnification provided for in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 13 shall for any reason be unavailable to an indemnified party in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect thereof, referred to in Section 13, then the indemnifying party shall in lieu of indemnifying the indemnified party contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Mortgage Loan Seller on the one hand and the Purchaser on the other from the purchase and sale of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans, the offering of the Notes and the other transactions contemplated hereunder. No person found liable for a fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who is not also found liable for such fraudulent misrepresentation. (e) The parties hereto agree that reliance by an indemnified party on any publicly available information or any information or directions furnished by an indemnifying party shall not constitute negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct by such indemnified party. SECTION 14. Notices . All demands, notices and communications hereunder shall be in writing but may be delivered by facsimile transmission subsequently confirmed in writing. Notices to the Mortgage Loan Seller shall be directed to Mercury Mortgage Finance Statutory Trust, One Commerce Square, 2005 Market Street, Suite 2100, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103, and notices to the Purchaser shall be directed to Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc., 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179 (Telecopy: (212-272-7206)), Attention: Baron Silverstein; or to any other address as may hereafter be furnished by one party to the other party by like notice. Any such demand, notice or communication hereunder shall be deemed to have been received on the date received at the premises of the addressee (as evidenced, in the case of registered or certified mail, by the date noted on the return receipt) provided that it is received on a business day during normal business hours and, if received after normal business hours, then it shall be deemed to be received on the next business day. SECTION 15. Transfer of Subsequent Mortgage Loans . The Purchaser retains the right to assign the Subsequent Mortgage Loans and any or all of its interest under this Agreement to the Issuer, with the understanding that the Issuer will then assign such rights to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture, without the consent of the Mortgage Loan Seller, and, upon such assignment, the Indenture Trustee, as the ultimate assignee, shall succeed to the applicable rights and obligations of the Purchaser hereunder; provided , however , the Purchaser shall remain entitled to the benefits set forth in Sections 11, 13 and 17 hereto and as provided in Section 2(a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the sole and exclusive right and remedy of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee with respect to a breach of representation or warranty of the Mortgage Loan Seller shall be the cure, purchase or substitution obligations of the Mortgage Loan Seller contained in Sections 5 and 7 hereof. SECTION 16. Termination . This Agreement may be terminated (a) by the mutual consent of the parties hereto prior to the Subsequent Transfer Date, (b) by the Purchaser, if the conditions to the Purchaser’s obligation to close set forth under Section 10(a) hereof are not fulfilled as and when required to be fulfilled or (c) by the Mortgage Loan Seller, if the conditions to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s obligation to close set forth under Section 10(b) hereof are not fulfilled as and when required to be fulfilled. In the event of termination pursuant to clause (b), the Mortgage Loan Seller shall pay, and in the event of termination pursuant to clause (c), the Purchaser shall pay, all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the other in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In the event of a termination pursuant to clause (a), each party shall be responsible for its own expenses. SECTION 17. Representations, Warranties and Agreements to Survive Delivery . All representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement, the related Servicing Agreement, or contained in certificates of officers of the Mortgage Loan Seller submitted pursuant hereto, shall remain operative and in full force and effect and shall survive delivery of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans to the Purchaser, delivery by the Purchaser to the Issuer and the pledge by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders. Subsequent to the delivery of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans to the Purchaser, the Mortgage Loan Seller’s representations and warranties contained herein and, Countrywide’s, EMC’s and PHH’s representations and warranties contained in the related Servicing Agreement, in each case with respect to the related Subsequent Mortgage Loans shall be deemed to relate to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans actually delivered to the Purchaser and included in the Final Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule and any Substitute Subsequent Mortgage Loan and not to those Subsequent Mortgage Loans deleted from the Preliminary Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule pursuant to Section 3 hereof prior to the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby. SECTION 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited or invalid under applicable law, the Agreement shall be ineffective only to such extent, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement. SECTION 19. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be an original, but which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. SECTION 20. Amendment . This Agreement cannot be amended or modified in any manner without the prior written consent of each party. SECTION 21. GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. SECTION 22. Further Assurances . Each of the parties agrees to execute and deliver such instruments and take such actions as another party may, from time to time, reasonably request in order to effectuate the purpose and to carry out the terms of this Agreement including any amendments hereto which may be required by either Rating Agency. SECTION 23. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser and their permitted successors and assigns and, to the extent specified in Section 13 hereof, Bear Stearns, and their directors, officers and controlling persons (within the meaning of federal securities laws). The Mortgage Loan Seller acknowledges and agrees that the Purchaser may assign its rights under this Agreement (including, without limitation, with respect to the Mortgage Loan Seller’s representations and warranties respecting the Subsequent Mortgage Loans) to the Issuer and that the Issuer may further assign such rights to the Indenture Trustee. Any person into which the Mortgage Loan Seller may be merged or consolidated (or any person resulting from any merger or consolidation involving the Mortgage Loan Seller), any person resulting from a change in form of the Mortgage Loan Seller or any person succeeding to the business of the Mortgage Loan Seller, shall be considered the “successor” of the Mortgage Loan Seller hereunder and shall be considered a party hereto without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act or consent on the part of any party hereto. Except as provided in the two preceding sentences and in Section 15 hereto, this Agreement cannot be assigned, pledged or hypothecated by either party hereto without the written consent of the other parties to this Agreement and any such assignment or purported assignment shall be deemed null and void. SECTION 24. The Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser . The Mortgage Loan Seller and the Purchaser will keep in full effect all rights as are necessary to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement . SECTION 25. Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, inducements and conditions, express or implied, oral or written, of any nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof. SECTION 26. No Partnership . Nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to create a partnership or joint venture between the parties hereto. SECTION 27. Fiduciary Duty . The Mortgage Loan Seller acknowledges that (A) the terms of this Agreement were negotiated at arms length between sophisticated parties represented by counsel, (B) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between the Depositor and the Mortgage Loan Seller has been created as a result of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (C) the Mortgage Loan Seller’s obligations to the Depositor are set forth in this Agreement in their entirety; and (D) it has obtained such legal, tax, accounting and other advice as it deems appropriate with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and any other activities undertaken in connection therewith, and it is not relying on the Depositor with respect to any such matters. [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused their names to be signed hereto by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first above written. MERCURY MORTGAGE FINANCE STATUTORY TRUST By: Name: Title: STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC. By: Name: Baron Silverstein Title: Vice President EXHIBIT 1 CONTENTS OF MORTGAGE FILE With respect to each Subsequent Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage File shall include each of the following items, which shall be available for inspection by the Purchaser or its designee, and which shall be delivered to the Purchaser or its designee pursuant to the terms of the Agreement. (a) with respect to each Subsequent Mortgage Loan: (i) The original Mortgage Note, endorsed without recourse to the order of the Indenture Trustee and showing an unbroken chain of endorsements from the originator thereof to the Person endorsing it to the Indenture Trustee, or a lost note affidavit together with a copy of the related Mortgage Note; (ii) The original Mortgage and, if the related Subsequent Mortgage Loan is a MOM Loan, noting the presence of the MIN and language indicating that such Subsequent Mortgage Loan is a MOM Loan, which shall have been recorded (or if the original is not available, a copy), with evidence of such recording indicated thereon (or if the original is not available, a copy), with evidence of such recording indicated thereon (or if the original Security Instrument, assignments to the Indenture Trustee or intervening assignments thereof which have been delivered, are being delivered or will, upon receipt of recording information relating to the Security Instrument required to be included thereon, be delivered to recording offices for recording and have not been returned to the Seller in time to permit their recording as specified in Section 2.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, shall be in recordable form); (iii) unless the Subsequent Mortgage Loan is a MOM Loan, a certified copy of the assignment (which may be in the form of a blanket assignment if permitted in the jurisdiction in which the Mortgaged Property is located) in blank or to “LaSalle Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee”, with evidence of recording with respect to each Subsequent Mortgage Loan in the name of the Indenture Trustee thereon (or if (A) the original Security Instrument, assignments to the Indenture Trustee or intervening assignments thereof which have been delivered, are being delivered or will, upon receipt of recording information relating to the Security Instrument required to be included thereon, be delivered to recording offices for recording and have not been returned to the Seller in time to permit their delivery as specified in Section 2.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Seller may deliver a true copy thereof with a certification by the Seller, on the face of such copy, substantially as follows: “Certified to be a true and correct copy of the original, which has been transmitted for recording” or (B) the related Mortgaged Property is located in a state other than Maryland and an Opinion of Counsel has been provided as set forth in Section 2.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, shall be in recordable form); (iv) all intervening assignments of the Security Instrument, if applicable and only to the extent available to the Mortgage Loan Seller with evidence of recording thereon; (v) the original or a copy of the policy or certificate of primary mortgage guaranty insurance, to the extent available, if any; (vi) the original or copy of the policy of title insurance or mortgagee’s certificate of title insurance or commitment or binder for title insurance; and (vii) originals of all modification agreements, if applicable and available. EXHIBIT 2 MORTGAGE LOAN SCHEDULE INFORMATION The Preliminary and Final Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedules shall set forth the following information with respect to each Subsequent Mortgage Loan: (a) the loan number; (b) [Reserved]; (c) the city, state and zip code of the Mortgaged Property; (d) the property type; (e) the Mortgage Interest Rate; (f) the Servicing Fee Rate; (g) the Net Rate; (h) the original term to maturity; (i) the maturity date; (j) the stated remaining term to maturity; (k) the original principal balance; (1) the first Payment Date; (m) the principal and interest payment in effect as of the Subsequent Cut-off Date; (n) the unpaid principal balance as of the Subsequent Cut-off Date; (o) the Loan-to-Value Ratio at origination; (p) paid-through date; (q) the insurer of any Primary Mortgage Insurance Policy; (r) the Gross Margin, if applicable; (s) the Maximum Lifetime Mortgage Rate, if applicable; (t) the Minimum Lifetime Mortgage Rate, if applicable; (u) the Periodic Rate Cap, if applicable; (v) the number of days delinquent, if any; (w) which Subsequent Mortgage Loans adjust after an initial fixed-rate period of five or seven years; (x) the Prepayment Charge Loans; and (y) the Servicer. Such schedule also shall set forth for all of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans and for all the Subsequent Mortgage Loans being sold, the total number of Subsequent Mortgage Loans, the total of each of the amounts described under (k) and (n) above, the weighted average by principal balance as of the Subsequent Cut-off Date of each of the rates described under (e), (f) and (g) above, and the weighted average remaining term to maturity by unpaid principal balance as of the Subsequent Cut-off Date. EXHIBIT 3 MORTGAGE LOAN SELLER’S INFORMATION All information in “SCHEDULE A — CERTAIN CHARACTERISTICS OF THE SUBSEQUENT MORTGAGE LOANS.” EXHIBIT 4 [RESERVED] EXHIBIT 5 SCHEDULE OF LOST NOTES Available Upon Request EXHIBIT 6 REVISED August 1, 2005 APPENDIX E - STANDARD & POOR'S PREDATORY LENDING CATEGORIES Standard & Poor’s has categorized loans governed by anti-predatory lending laws in the Jurisdictions listed below into three categories based upon a combination of factors that include (a) the risk exposure associated with the assignee liability and (b) the tests and thresholds set forth in those laws. Note that certain loans classified by the relevant statute as Covered are included in Standard & Poor’s High Cost Loan Category because they included thresholds and tests that are typical of what is generally considered High Cost by the industry. STANDARD & POOR'S HIGH COST LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Arkansas Arkansas Home Loan Protection Act, Ark. Code Ann. §§ 23-53-101 et seq . Effective July 16, 2003 High Cost Home Loan Cleveland Heights, OH Ordinance No. 72-2003 (PSH), Mun. Code §§ 757.01 et seq . Effective June 2, 2003 Covered Loan Colorado Consumer Equity Protection, Colo. Stat. Ann. §§ 5-3.5-101 et seq . Effective for covered loans offered or entered into on or after January 1, 2003. Other provisions of the Act took effect on June 7, 2002 Covered Loan Connecticut Connecticut Abusive Home Loan Lending Practices Act, Conn. Gen. Stat. §§ 36a-746 et seq . Effective October 1, 2001 High Cost Home Loan District of Columbia Home Loan Protection Act, D.C. Code §§ 26-1151.01 et seq . Effective for loans closed on or after January 28, 2003 Covered Loan Florida Fair Lending Act, Fla. Stat. Ann. §§ 494.0078 et seq . Effective October 2, 2002 High Cost Home Loan Georgia (Oct. 1, 2002 – Mar. 6, 2003) Georgia Fair Lending Act, Ga. Code Ann. §§ 7-6A-1 et seq . High Cost Home Loan STANDARD & POOR'S HIGH COST LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Effective October 1, 2002 – March 6, 2003 Georgia as amended (Mar. 7, 2003 – current) Georgia Fair Lending Act, Ga. Code Ann. §§ 7-6A-1 et seq . Effective for loans closed on or after March 7, 2003 High Cost Home Loan HOEPA Section 32 Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994, 15 U.S.C. § 1639, 12 C.F.R. §§ 226.32 and 226.34 Effective October 1, 1995, amendments October 1, 2002 High Cost Loan Illinois High Risk Home Loan Act, Ill. Comp. Stat. tit. 815, §§ 137/5 et seq . Effective January 1, 2004 (prior to this date, regulations under Residential Mortgage License Act effective from May 14, 2001) High Risk Home Loan Kansas Consumer Credit Code, Kan. Stat. Ann. §§ 16a-1-101 et seq . Sections 16a-1-301 and 16a-3-207 became effective April 14, 1999; Section 16a-3-308a became effective July 1, 1999 High Loan to Value Consumer Loan (id. § 16a-3-207) and; High APR Consumer Loan (id. § 16a-3-308a) Kentucky 2003 KY H.B. 287 – High Cost Home Loan Act, Ky. Rev. Stat. §§ 360.100 et seq . Effective June 24, 2003 High Cost Home Loan Maine Truth in Lending, Me. Rev. Stat. tit. 9-A, §§ 8-101 et seq . Effective September 29, 1995 and as amended from time to time High Rate High Fee Mortgage Massachusetts Part 40 and Part 32, 209 C.M.R. §§ 32.00 et seq . and 209 C.M.R. §§ 40.01 et seq . High Cost Home Loan STANDARD & POOR'S HIGH COST LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Effective March 22, 2001 and amended from time to time Nevada Assembly Bill No. 284, Nev. Rev. Stat. §§ 598D.010 et seq . Effective October 1, 2003 Home Loan New Jersey New Jersey Home Ownership Security Act of 2002, N.J. Rev. Stat. §§ 46:10B-22 et seq . Effective for loans closed on or after November 27, 2003 High Cost Home Loan New Mexico Home Loan Protection Act, N.M. Rev. Stat. §§ 58-21A-1 et seq . Effective as of January 1, 2004; Revised as of February 26, 2004 High Cost Home Loan New York N.Y. Banking Law Article 6-l Effective for applications made on or after April 1, 2003 High Cost Home Loan North Carolina Restrictions and Limitations on High Cost Home Loans, N.C. Gen. Stat. §§ 24-1.1E et seq . Effective July 1, 2000; amended October 1, 2003 (adding open-end lines of credit) High Cost Home Loan Ohio H.B. 386 (codified in various sections of the Ohio Code), Ohio Rev. Code Ann. §§ 1349.25 et seq . Effective May 24, 2002 Covered Loan Oklahoma Consumer Credit Code (codified in various sections of Title 14A) Effective July 1, 2000; amended effective January 1, 2004 Subsection 10 Mortgage South Carolina South Carolina High Cost and Consumer Home Loans Act, S.C. Code High Cost Home Loan STANDARD & POOR'S HIGH COST LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Ann. §§ 37-23-10 et seq . Effective for loans taken on or after January 1, 2004 West Virginia West Virginia Residential Mortgage Lender, Broker and Servicer Act, W. Va. Code Ann. §§ 31-17-1 et seq . Effective June 5, 2002 West Virginia Mortgage Loan Act Loan STANDARD & POOR'S COVERED LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Georgia (Oct. 1, 2002 – Mar. 6, 2003) Georgia Fair Lending Act, Ga. Code Ann. §§ 7-6A-1 et seq . Effective October 1, 2002 – March 6, 2003 Covered Loan New Jersey New Jersey Home Ownership Security Act of 2002, N.J. Rev. Stat. §§ 46:10B-22 et seq . Effective November 27, 2003 – July 5, 2004 Covered Home Loan STANDARD & POOR'S HOME LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Georgia (Oct. 1, 2002 – Mar. 6, 2003) Georgia Fair Lending Act, Ga. Code Ann. §§ 7-6A-1 et seq . Effective October 1, 2002 – March 6, 2003 Home Loan New Jersey New Jersey Home Ownership Security Home Loan STANDARD & POOR'S HOME LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Act of 2002, N.J. Rev. Stat. §§ 46:10B-22 et seq . Effective for loans closed on or after November 27, 2003 New Mexico Home Loan Protection Act, N.M. Rev. Stat. §§ 58-21A-1 et seq . Effective as of January 1, 2004; Revised as of February 26, 2004 Home Loan North Carolina Restrictions and Limitations on High Cost Home Loans, N.C. Gen. Stat. §§ 24-1.1E et seq . Effective July 1, 2000; amended October 1, 2003 (adding open-end lines of credit) Consumer Home Loan South Carolina South Carolina High Cost and Consumer Home Loans Act, S.C. Code Ann. §§ 37-23-10 et seq . Effective for loans taken on or after January 1, 2004 Consumer Home Loan SCHEDULE A REQUIRED RATINGS FOR EACH CLASS OF NOTES Public Notes Class S&P Moody’s Class A-1 AAA Aaa Class A-2 AAA Aaa Class M-1 AA+ Aa1 Class M-2 AA+ Aa2 Class B-1 AA Aa3 None of the above ratings has been lowered since the respective dates of such letters. Private Notes Class S&P Moody’s Class B-2 AA -- Class B-3 A -- Class B-4 BBB -- Class B-5 BBB- -- Class B-6 BB -- None of the above ratings has been lowered since the respective dates of such letters. SCHEDULE B MORTGAGE LOAN SCHEDULE [Provided upon request] EXHIBIT K FORM OF SUBSEQUENT TRANSFER INSTRUMENT Pursuant to this Subsequent Transfer Instrument, dated November 17, 2005 (the “Instrument”), between Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc. as depositor (the “Depositor”), and LaSalle Bank National Association, not individually but solely as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the “Indenture Trustee”) under the Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2005 (the “Agreement”), among the Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1 as issuer (the “Issuer”), Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as securities administrator (the “Securities Administrator) and LaSalle Bank National Association as indenture trustee (the “Indenture Trustee”), agree to the sale by the Depositor and the purchase by the Indenture Trustee of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans listed on the attached Exhibit 1 (the “Subsequent Mortgage Loans”). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. Section 1. Conveyance of Subsequent Mortgage Loans . (a) The Depositor does hereby sell, transfer, assign, set over and convey to the Indenture Trustee in trust, on behalf of the Trust, without recourse, all of its right, title and interest in and to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans, including all amounts due or accruing on the Subsequent Mortgage Loans on and after the related Subsequent Cut-off Date, and all items with respect to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans to be delivered pursuant to Section 3.26 of the Agreement; provided, however, that the Depositor reserves and retains all right, title and interest in and to amounts due on the Subsequent Mortgage Loans prior to the related Subsequent Cut-off Date. The Depositor, contemporaneously with the delivery of this Agreement, has delivered or caused to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee each item with respect to the Subsequent Mortgage Loans set forth in Section 2.01 of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and the other items in the related Mortgage Files. The transfer to the Indenture Trustee by the Depositor of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans identified on the Final Subsequent Mortgage Loan Schedule attached hereto as Exhibit 1 shall be absolute and is intended by the Depositor, the Mortgage Loan Seller, the Master Servicer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders to constitute and to be treated as a sale of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans by the Depositor to the Trust Fund. (b) The Depositor, concurrently with the execution and delivery hereof, does hereby transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to the Indenture Trustee without recourse for the benefit of the Noteholders all the right, title and interest of the Depositor in, to and under the Subsequent Mortgage Loan Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2005, between Mercury Mortgage Finance Statutory Trust, as seller, and the Depositor, as purchaser (the “Purchase Agreement”). Section 2. Representations and Warranties; Conditions Precedent . (a) The Depositor hereby confirms that each of the conditions precedent and the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.26 of the Agreement are satisfied as of the date hereof. (b) All terms and conditions of the Agreement are hereby ratified and confirmed; provided, however, that in the event of any conflict, the provisions of this Instrument shall control over the conflicting provisions of the Agreement. Section 3. Recordation of Instrument . To the extent permitted by applicable law, this Instrument, or a memorandum thereof if permitted under applicable law, is subject to recordation in all appropriate public offices for real property records in all of the counties or other comparable jurisdictions in which any or all of the properties subject to the Mortgages are situated, and in any other appropriate public recording office or elsewhere, such recordation to be effected by the Master Servicer at the Noteholders’ expense on direction of the related Noteholders, but only when accompanied by an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such recordation materially and beneficially affects the interests of the Noteholders or is necessary for the administration or servicing of the Subsequent Mortgage Loans. Section 4. Governing Law . This agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof other than Section 5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law. Section 5. Counterparts . This Instrument may be executed in one or more counterparts and by the different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed to be an original; such counterparts, together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. Section 6. Successors and Assigns . This Instrument shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee and their respective successors and assigns. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the date first above written. STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC., as Depositor By: Name: Title: LASALLE BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not individually but solely as Indenture Trustee, as aforesaid. By: Name: Title: EXHIBIT 1 FINAL SUBSEQUENT MORTGAGE LOAN SCHEDULE (Provided Upon Request) EXHIBIT 1 CONTENTS OF MORTGAGE FILE With respect to each Mortgage Loan, the Mortgage File shall include each of the following items, which shall be available for inspection by the Purchaser or its designee, and which shall be delivered to the Purchaser or its designee pursuant to the terms of the Agreement. (b) with respect to each Mortgage Loan: (i) The original Mortgage Note, endorsed without recourse to the order of the Indenture Trustee and showing an unbroken chain of endorsements from the originator thereof to the Person endorsing it to the Indenture Trustee, or a lost note affidavit together with a copy of the related Mortgage Note; (ii) The original Mortgage and, if the related Mortgage Loan is a MOM Loan, noting the presence of the MIN and language indicating that such Mortgage Loan is a MOM Loan, which shall have been recorded (or if the original is not available, a copy), with evidence of such recording indicated thereon (or if the original is not available, a copy), with evidence of such recording indicated thereon (or if the original Security Instrument, assignments to the Indenture Trustee or intervening assignments thereof which have been delivered, are being delivered or will, upon receipt of recording information relating to the Security Instrument required to be included thereon, be delivered to recording offices for recording and have not been returned to the Seller in time to permit their recording as specified in Section 2.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, shall be in recordable form); (iii) unless the Mortgage Loan is a MOM Loan, a certified copy of the assignment (which may be in the form of a blanket assignment if permitted in the jurisdiction in which the Mortgaged Property is located) in blank or to “LaSalle Bank National Association, as Indenture Trustee”, with evidence of recording with respect to each Mortgage Loan in the name of the Indenture Trustee thereon (or if (A) the original Security Instrument, assignments to the Indenture Trustee or intervening assignments thereof which have been delivered, are being delivered or will, upon receipt of recording information relating to the Security Instrument required to be included thereon, be delivered to recording offices for recording and have not been returned to the Seller in time to permit their delivery as specified in Section 2.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Seller may deliver a true copy thereof with a certification by the Seller, on the face of such copy, substantially as follows: “Certified to be a true and correct copy of the original, which has been transmitted for recording” or (B) the related Mortgaged Property is located in a state other than Maryland and an Opinion of Counsel has been provided as set forth in Section 2.01(a) of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, shall be in recordable form); (iv) all intervening assignments of the Security Instrument, if applicable and only to the extent available to the Mortgage Loan Seller with evidence of recording thereon; (v) the original or a copy of the policy or certificate of primary mortgage guaranty insurance, to the extent available, if any; (vi) the original or copy of the policy of title insurance or mortgagee’s certificate of title insurance or commitment or binder for title insurance; and (vii) originals of all modification agreements, if applicable and available. EXHIBIT 2 MORTGAGE LOAN SCHEDULE INFORMATION The Preliminary and Final Mortgage Loan Schedules shall set forth the following information with respect to each Mortgage Loan: (a) the loan number; (b) [Reserved]; (c) the city, state and zip code of the Mortgaged Property; (d) the property type; (e) the Mortgage Interest Rate; (f) the Servicing Fee Rate; (g) the Net Rate; (h) the original term to maturity; (i) the maturity date; (j) the stated remaining term to maturity; (k) the original principal balance; (1) the first Payment Date; (m) the principal and interest payment in effect as of the Cut-off Date; (n) the unpaid principal balance as of the Cut-off Date; (o) the Loan-to-Value Ratio at origination; (p) paid-through date; (q) the insurer of any Primary Mortgage Insurance Policy; (r) the Gross Margin, if applicable; (s) the Maximum Lifetime Mortgage Rate, if applicable; (t) the Minimum Lifetime Mortgage Rate, if applicable; (u) the Periodic Rate Cap, if applicable; (v) the number of days delinquent, if any; (w) which Mortgage Loans adjust after an initial fixed-rate period of five or seven years; (x) the Prepayment Charge Loans; and (y) the Servicer. Such schedule also shall set forth for all of the Mortgage Loans, the total number of Mortgage Loans, the total of each of the amounts described under (k) and (n) above, the weighted average by principal balance as of the Cut-off Date of each of the rates described under (e), (f) and (g) above, and the weighted average remaining term to maturity by unpaid principal balance as of the Cut-off Date. EXHIBIT 3 MORTGAGE LOAN SELLER’S INFORMATION All information in the Prospectus Supplement described under the following Sections: “DESCRIPTION OF THE MORTGAGE LOANS” and “SCHEDULE A — CERTAIN CHARACTERISTICS OF THE MORTGAGE LOANS.” EXHIBIT 4 PURCHASER'S INFORMATION All information in the Prospectus Supplement and the Prospectus, except the Mortgage Loan Seller’s Information. EXHIBIT 5 SCHEDULE OF LOST NOTES Available Upon Request EXHIBIT 6 REVISED August 1, 2005 APPENDIX E - STANDARD & POOR'S PREDATORY LENDING CATEGORIES Standard & Poor’s has categorized loans governed by anti-predatory lending laws in the Jurisdictions listed below into three categories based upon a combination of factors that include (a) the risk exposure associated with the assignee liability and (b) the tests and thresholds set forth in those laws. Note that certain loans classified by the relevant statute as Covered are included in Standard & Poor’s High Cost Loan Category because they included thresholds and tests that are typical of what is generally considered High Cost by the industry. STANDARD & POOR'S HIGH COST LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Arkansas Arkansas Home Loan Protection Act, Ark. Code Ann. §§ 23-53-101 et seq . Effective July 16, 2003 High Cost Home Loan Cleveland Heights, OH Ordinance No. 72-2003 (PSH), Mun. Code §§ 757.01 et seq . Effective June 2, 2003 Covered Loan Colorado Consumer Equity Protection, Colo. Stat. Ann. §§ 5-3.5-101 et seq . Effective for covered loans offered or entered into on or after January 1, 2003. Other provisions of the Act took effect on June 7, 2002 Covered Loan Connecticut Connecticut Abusive Home Loan Lending Practices Act, Conn. Gen. Stat. §§ 36a-746 et seq . Effective October 1, 2001 High Cost Home Loan District of Columbia Home Loan Protection Act, D.C. Code §§ 26-1151.01 et seq . Effective for loans closed on or after January 28, 2003 Covered Loan Florida Fair Lending Act, Fla. Stat. Ann. §§ 494.0078 et seq . Effective October 2, 2002 High Cost Home Loan Georgia (Oct. 1, 2002 – Mar. 6, 2003) Georgia Fair Lending Act, Ga. Code Ann. §§ 7-6A-1 et seq . High Cost Home Loan STANDARD & POOR'S HIGH COST LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Effective October 1, 2002 – March 6, 2003 Georgia as amended (Mar. 7, 2003 – current) Georgia Fair Lending Act, Ga. Code Ann. §§ 7-6A-1 et seq . Effective for loans closed on or after March 7, 2003 High Cost Home Loan HOEPA Section 32 Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act of 1994, 15 U.S.C. § 1639, 12 C.F.R. §§ 226.32 and 226.34 Effective October 1, 1995, amendments October 1, 2002 High Cost Loan Illinois High Risk Home Loan Act, Ill. Comp. Stat. tit. 815, §§ 137/5 et seq . Effective January 1, 2004 (prior to this date, regulations under Residential Mortgage License Act effective from May 14, 2001) High Risk Home Loan Kansas Consumer Credit Code, Kan. Stat. Ann. §§ 16a-1-101 et seq . Sections 16a-1-301 and 16a-3-207 became effective April 14, 1999; Section 16a-3-308a became effective July 1, 1999 High Loan to Value Consumer Loan (id. § 16a-3-207) and; High APR Consumer Loan (id. § 16a-3-308a) Kentucky 2003 KY H.B. 287 – High Cost Home Loan Act, Ky. Rev. Stat. §§ 360.100 et seq . Effective June 24, 2003 High Cost Home Loan Maine Truth in Lending, Me. Rev. Stat. tit. 9-A, §§ 8-101 et seq . Effective September 29, 1995 and as amended from time to time High Rate High Fee Mortgage Massachusetts Part 40 and Part 32, 209 C.M.R. §§ 32.00 et seq . and 209 C.M.R. §§ 40.01 et seq . High Cost Home Loan STANDARD & POOR'S HIGH COST LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Effective March 22, 2001 and amended from time to time Nevada Assembly Bill No. 284, Nev. Rev. Stat. §§ 598D.010 et seq . Effective October 1, 2003 Home Loan New Jersey New Jersey Home Ownership Security Act of 2002, N.J. Rev. Stat. §§ 46:10B-22 et seq . Effective for loans closed on or after November 27, 2003 High Cost Home Loan New Mexico Home Loan Protection Act, N.M. Rev. Stat. §§ 58-21A-1 et seq . Effective as of January 1, 2004; Revised as of February 26, 2004 High Cost Home Loan New York N.Y. Banking Law Article 6-l Effective for applications made on or after April 1, 2003 High Cost Home Loan North Carolina Restrictions and Limitations on High Cost Home Loans, N.C. Gen. Stat. §§ 24-1.1E et seq . Effective July 1, 2000; amended October 1, 2003 (adding open-end lines of credit) High Cost Home Loan Ohio H.B. 386 (codified in various sections of the Ohio Code), Ohio Rev. Code Ann. §§ 1349.25 et seq . Effective May 24, 2002 Covered Loan Oklahoma Consumer Credit Code (codified in various sections of Title 14A) Effective July 1, 2000; amended effective January 1, 2004 Subsection 10 Mortgage South Carolina South Carolina High Cost and Consumer Home Loans Act, S.C. Code High Cost Home Loan STANDARD & POOR'S HIGH COST LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Ann. §§ 37-23-10 et seq . Effective for loans taken on or after January 1, 2004 West Virginia West Virginia Residential Mortgage Lender, Broker and Servicer Act, W. Va. Code Ann. §§ 31-17-1 et seq . Effective June 5, 2002 West Virginia Mortgage Loan Act Loan STANDARD & POOR'S COVERED LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Georgia (Oct. 1, 2002 – Mar. 6, 2003) Georgia Fair Lending Act, Ga. Code Ann. §§ 7-6A-1 et seq . Effective October 1, 2002 – March 6, 2003 Covered Loan New Jersey New Jersey Home Ownership Security Act of 2002, N.J. Rev. Stat. §§ 46:10B-22 et seq . Effective November 27, 2003 – July 5, 2004 Covered Home Loan STANDARD & POOR'S HOME LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Georgia (Oct. 1, 2002 – Mar. 6, 2003) Georgia Fair Lending Act, Ga. Code Ann. §§ 7-6A-1 et seq . Effective October 1, 2002 – March 6, 2003 Home Loan New Jersey New Jersey Home Ownership Security Home Loan STANDARD & POOR'S HOME LOAN CATEGORIZATION State/Jurisdiction Name of Anti-Predatory Lending Law/Effective Date Category under Applicable Anti-Predatory Lending Law Act of 2002, N.J. Rev. Stat. §§ 46:10B-22 et seq . Effective for loans closed on or after November 27, 2003 New Mexico Home Loan Protection Act, N.M. Rev. Stat. §§ 58-21A-1 et seq . Effective as of January 1, 2004; Revised as of February 26, 2004 Home Loan North Carolina Restrictions and Limitations on High Cost Home Loans, N.C. Gen. Stat. §§ 24-1.1E et seq . Effective July 1, 2000; amended October 1, 2003 (adding open-end lines of credit) Consumer Home Loan South Carolina South Carolina High Cost and Consumer Home Loans Act, S.C. Code Ann. §§ 37-23-10 et seq . Effective for loans taken on or after January 1, 2004 Consumer Home Loan SCHEDULE A REQUIRED RATINGS FOR EACH CLASS OF NOTES Public Notes Class S&P Moody’s Class A-1 AAA Aaa Class A-2 AAA Aa1 Class M-1 Class M-2 Class B-1 None of the above ratings has been lowered since the respective dates of such letters. Private Notes Class S&P Moody’s Class B-2 AA -- Class B-3 A -- Class B-4 BBB -- Class B-5 BBB- -- Class B-6 BB -- None of the above ratings has been lowered since the respective dates of such letters. SCHEDULE B MORTGAGE LOAN SCHEDULE [Provided upon request]

===== EX-99.2 d389856.htm ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT =====
EXHIBIT 99.2 ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT among LUMINENT MORTGAGE TRUST 2005-1, as Issuer WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Securities Administrator CHASE BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Owner Trustee and STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC., as Depositor Dated as of November 2, 2005 This Administration Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into as of November 2, 2005, among LUMINENT MORTGAGE TRUST 2005-1, a Delaware statutory trust (the “Issuer”), WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., not in its individual capacity but solely as Securities Administrator (the “Securities Administrator”), CHASE BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee (the “Owner Trustee”) and STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC., as Depositor (the “Depositor”). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Indenture, the Trust Agreement or the Sale and Servicing Agreement (each as defined herein). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, the Issuer is a statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act (12 Del.C. § 3801 et seq.) created by a Short Form Trust Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2005, between the Depositor and the Owner Trustee (the “Short Form Trust Agreement”) as amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Trust Agreement dated as of November 2, 2005 (as amended and supplemented from time to time, together with the Short Form Trust Agreement, the “Trust Agreement”) among the Depositor, the Owner Trustee and the Securities Administrator; WHEREAS, the Issuer will issue under an indenture its Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1 Mortgage-Backed Notes, Series 2005-1 (the “Notes”) and, under the Trust Agreement, its Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1, Trust Certificates, Series 2005-1 (the “Certificates” and collectively with the Notes, the “Securities”); WHEREAS, the Notes will be secured by certain collateral, as more particularly set forth in the Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2005 (the “Indenture”), among the Issuer, LaSalle Bank National Association, as indenture trustee (the “Indenture Trustee”) and the Securities Administrator; WHEREAS, the Certificates will be created pursuant to the Trust Agreement and will represent the undivided beneficial ownership interest in the Trust; WHEREAS, the Issuer has entered into certain agreements in connection with the issuance of the Securities, including (i) a Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2005 (the “Sale and Servicing Agreement”), among the Issuer, the Depositor, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as master servicer (in such capacity, the “Master Servicer”) and Securities Administrator, and the Indenture Trustee, (ii) the Letter of Representations, dated November 2, 2005 (the “Depository Agreement”), between the Issuer and The Depository Trust Company relating to the Class A-1, Class A-2, Class M-1, Class M-2 and Class B-1 Notes, (iii) the Servicing Agreements, (iv) the Swap Agreements, and (v) the Indenture. The Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Depository Agreement, the Indenture, the Servicing Agreements, the Swap Agreements and the Trust Agreement are collectively referred to herein as the “Related Agreements” WHEREAS, pursuant to the Related Agreements, the Issuer is required to perform certain duties in connection with (a) the Notes and the collateral therefor pledged pursuant to the Indenture (the “Collateral”) and (b) the beneficial ownership interests in the Issuer represented by the Certificates (the registered holder of such interests being referred to herein as the “Certificateholder”); WHEREAS, the Issuer desires to have the Securities Administrator and the Depositor, respectively, perform certain of the duties of the Issuer referred to in the preceding clause, and to provide such additional services consistent with the terms of this Agreement and the Related Agreements as the Issuer may from time to time request; and WHEREAS, the Securities Administrator and the Depositor have the capacity to provide the respective services required hereby and are willing to perform such services for the Issuer on the terms set forth herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: Section 1. Duties of the Securities Administrator. (a) The Securities Administrator agrees to perform all of the duties of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee under the Depository Agreement. In addition to its duties performed under the Depository Agreement, the Securities Administrator shall take all appropriate action that is the duty of the Issuer and the Owner Trustee to take with respect to the following matters under the Trust Agreement, Sale and Servicing Agreement and the Indenture (references are to sections of the Indenture): (i) The Securities Administrator shall notify the Certificate Paying Agent if the Securities Administrator obtains actual knowledge or written notice that any withholding tax is imposed on the Trust’s payments (or allocations of income) to a Certificateholder; (ii) the duty to cause the Note Register to be kept if the Issuer assumes the duties of Note Registrar, and to give the Indenture Trustee notice of any appointment of a new Note Registrar and the location, or change in location, of the Note Register (Section 4.02); (iii) causing the preparation of the Notes for execution by the Owner Trustee upon the registration of any transfer or exchange of the Notes (Sections 4.02 and 4.03); (iv) if requested, causing the preparation of an Issuer Order and related documents for authentication of the Notes, executing such Issuer Order on behalf of the Issuer and causing delivery of the same to the Indenture Trustee (Sections 4.02 and 4.03); (v) causing the preparation of Definitive Notes in accordance with the instructions of any Clearing Agency (including the preparation of any temporary notes), (Sections 4.08 and 4.14); (vi) the maintenance of an office for registration of transfer or exchange of Notes (Section 4.02); (vii) the preparation of an Issuer Order required to appoint a Paying Agent, the preparation of written notice to the Indenture Trustee and the duty to cause newly appointed paying agents, if any, to execute and deliver to the Indenture Trustee the instrument specified in the Indenture regarding funds held in trust (Section 3.01); (viii) notifying the Paying Agent to pay to the Indenture Trustee all sums held in trust by the Paying Agent (Section 4.11); (ix) the execution of all supplements, amendments, instruments of further assurance and other instruments prepared by the Depositor and delivered to the Securities Administrator for execution necessary to protect the Collateral (Sections 3.04); (x) the notification to the Owner Trustee of the Issuer’s non-compliance with its negative covenants or restricted payment covenants upon actual knowledge by the Securities Administrator of such non-compliance (Sections 3.07 and Section 3.19); (xi) the furnishing of the Indenture Trustee with the names and addresses of Holders of Notes during any period when the Indenture Trustee is not the Note Registrar (Section 7.01); and (xii) if necessary, the mailing to the Noteholders of notices with respect to their consent to any supplemental indentures (Section 9.02). (b) The Securities Administrator agrees to notify the Depositor not later than thirty (30) days prior to the date on which the Depositor is required to deliver the annual Opinion of Counsel and Officer’s Certificate on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with Section 2(a)(vi) below. (c) The Securities Administrator agrees to perform the duties and obligations of the Securities Administrator expressly set forth in each Basic Document to which it is a party as Securities Administrator. (d) In carrying out the foregoing duties or any of its other obligations under this Agreement, the Securities Administrator may enter into transactions with or otherwise deal with any of its Affiliates; provided, however , that the terms of any such transactions or dealings shall be in accordance with any directions received from the Issuer and shall be, in the Securities Administrator’s opinion, no less favorable to the Issuer than would be available from unaffiliated parties. In carrying out the foregoing duties, the Securities Administrator shall be subject to the same standard of care and have the same rights, indemnifications and immunities as the Indenture Trustee under the Indenture, including, without limitation, the right to compensation, reimbursement and indemnification. The Securities Administrator in its capacity as the Certificate Registrar, and upon a request received from the Owner Trustee, shall promptly notify the Certificateholders of (i) any change in the Corporate Trust Office of the Owner Trustee, (ii) any amendment to the Trust Agreement requiring notice be given to the Certificateholder and (iii) any other notice required to be given to the Certificateholders by the Owner Trustee under the Trust Agreement. Section 2. Duties of the Depositor With Respect to the Indenture. (a) The Depositor shall take all appropriate action that is the duty of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee to take with respect to the following matters under the Indenture (references are to sections of the Indenture): (i) causing the preparation of the Notes (for execution by the Owner Trustee) upon their initial issuance and causing the preparation of an Issuer Request (for execution by the Owner Trustee) for delivery to the Indenture Trustee regarding the authentication of the Notes (Sections 2.02); (ii) causing the preparation of an Issuer Request and Officer’s Certificate (and executing the same on behalf of the Issuer) and the obtaining of an Opinion of Counsel and Independent Certificates, if necessary, for the release of the Collateral, as defined in the Indenture (Section 8.04); (iii) causing the preparation of Issuer Requests (and executing the same on behalf of the Issuer) and the obtaining of Opinions of Counsel with respect to the execution of supplemental indentures; (iv) causing the preparation, obtaining or filing of the instruments, opinions and certificates and other documents required for the release of collateral (Sections 8.04 and 10.01); (v) the delivery of notice to the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agency of each Event of Default under the Indenture (Section 3.20 and 5.01); (vi) the annual delivery of Opinions of Counsel, in accordance with Section 3.05 of the Indenture, as to the Trust Estate, and the annual delivery and execution of the Officers’ Certificate (Section 3.08); (vii) causing the preparation and execution of an Officer’s Certificate and the obtaining of the Opinion of Counsel and the Independent Certificate relating thereto with respect to any request by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee or the Securities Administrator to take any action under the Indenture (Sections 4.10 and 10.01); and (viii) obtaining and preserving the Issuer’s qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of the Indenture, the Notes, the Collateral and each other instrument and agreement included in the Trust Estate (Section 3.02). (b) In addition to the duties of the Depositor set forth above, the Depositor shall prepare for execution by the Issuer or the Owner Trustee or shall cause the preparation by other appropriate persons of all such documents, reports, filings, instruments, certificates and opinions as it shall be the duty of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee to prepare, file or deliver pursuant to the Related Agreements, and shall take all appropriate action that it is the duty of the Issuer or Owner Trustee to take pursuant to the Related Agreements and not otherwise required to be performed by the Securities Administrator. In accordance with the directions of the Owner Trustee, the Depositor shall administer, perform or supervise the performance of such other activities in connection with the Collateral (including the Mortgage Loans) as are not covered by any of the foregoing provisions and as are expressly requested by the Owner Trustee and are reasonably within the capability of the Depositor. Section 3. Records . The Securities Administrator shall maintain appropriate books of account, if any, and records relating to services performed hereunder, which books of account and records shall be accessible for inspection by the Issuer and the Depositor at any time during normal business hours. Section 4. Compensation . The Securities Administrator will perform the duties and provide the services called for under Section 1 above for such compensation as shall be agreed upon between the Securities Administrator and the Depositor. Section 5. Additional Information to be Furnished to the Issuer . The Depositor shall furnish to the Issuer from time to time such additional information regarding the Collateral as the Issuer shall reasonably request. Section 6. Independence of the Securities Administrator . For all purposes of this Agreement, the Securities Administrator shall be an independent contractor and shall not be subject to the supervision of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee with respect to the manner in which it accomplishes the performance of its obligations hereunder. Unless expressly authorized by the Issuer, the Securities Administrator shall have no authority to act for or represent the Issuer or the Owner Trustee in any way and shall not otherwise be deemed an agent of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee. Section 7. No Joint Venture . Nothing contained in this Agreement (i) shall constitute the Securities Administrator or the Depositor, respectively, and either of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee, as members of any partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or other separate entity, (ii) shall be construed to impose any liability as such on any of them or (iii) shall be deemed to confer on any of them any express, implied or apparent authority to incur any obligation or liability on behalf of the others. Section 8. Other Activities of Securities Administrator and the Depositor . Nothing herein shall prevent the Securities Administrator, the Depositor or their respective Affiliates from engaging in other businesses or, in its sole discretion, from acting in a similar capacity as an Securities Administrator for any other person or entity even though such person or entity may engage in business activities similar to those of the Issuer or the Owner Trustee. Section 9. Term of Agreement; Resignation and Removal of Securities Administrator . (a) This Agreement shall continue in force until the termination of the Trust Agreement in accordance with its terms, upon which event this Agreement shall automatically terminate. (b) Subject to Section 9(e) hereof, the Securities Administrator may resign its duties hereunder by providing the Issuer with at least 60 days’ prior written notice. (c) Subject to Section 9(e) hereof, the Issuer may remove the Securities Administrator without cause by providing the Securities Administrator with at least 60 days’ prior written notice. (d) Subject to Section 9(e) hereof, the Issuer may remove the Securities Administrator immediately upon written notice of termination from the Issuer to the Securities Administrator if any of the following events shall occur: (i) the Securities Administrator shall default in the performance of any of its duties under this Agreement and, after notice of such default, shall not cure such default within ten days (or, if such default cannot be cured in such time, shall not give within ten days such assurance of cure as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer); or (ii) a court having jurisdiction in the premises shall (x) enter a decree or order for relief, which decree or order shall not have been vacated within 60 days, in respect of the Securities Administrator in any involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or (y) appoint a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for the Securities Administrator or any substantial part of its property, or (z) order the winding-up or liquidation of the Securities Administrator’s affairs; or (iii) the Securities Administrator shall commence a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, shall consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or shall consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or similar official for the Securities Administrator or any substantial part of its property, shall consent to the taking of possession by any such official of any substantial part of its property, shall make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due. The Securities Administrator agrees that if any of the events specified in clauses (ii) or (iii) of this Section 9(d) shall occur, it shall give written notice thereof to the Issuer, the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee within seven days after the occurrence of such event. (e) No resignation or removal of the Securities Administrator pursuant to this Section shall be effective until (i) a successor Securities Administrator shall have been appointed by the Issuer (or the Depositor on its behalf) and (ii) such successor Securities Administrator shall have agreed in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement in the same manner as the Securities Administrator is bound hereunder. If a successor Securities Administrator does not take office within 60 days after the retiring Securities Administrator resigns or is removed, the resigning or removed Securities Administrator or the Issuer may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Securities Administrator. (f) The appointment of any successor Securities Administrator shall be effective only if such successor Securities Administrator will not cause a downgrading of any class of Notes by the Rating Agency. (g) Subject to Sections 9(e) and 9(f), the Securities Administrator acknowledges that upon the appointment of a successor Master Servicer pursuant to Section 6.02 of the Sale and Servicing Agreement, the Securities Administrator shall immediately resign and such successor Master Servicer shall automatically become the Securities Administrator under this Agreement. Any such successor Master Servicer shall be required to agree to assume the duties of the Securities Administrator under the terms and conditions of this Agreement in its acceptance of appointment as successor Master Servicer. Section 10. Action upon Termination, Resignation or Removal of the Securities Administrator . Promptly upon the effective date of termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 9(a) hereof or the resignation or removal of the Securities Administrator pursuant to Section 9(b) or (c) hereof, respectively, the Securities Administrator shall be entitled to be paid all fees and reimbursable expenses accruing to it to the date of such termination, resignation or removal. The Securities Administrator shall forthwith upon such termination pursuant to Section 9(a) deliver to the successor Securities Administrator all property and documents of or relating to the Collateral then in the custody of the Securities Administrator, or if this Agreement has been terminated, to the Depositor. In the event of the resignation or removal of the Securities Administrator pursuant to Section 9(b), (c) or (d), respectively, the Securities Administrator shall cooperate with the Issuer and take all reasonable steps requested to assist the Issuer in making an orderly transfer of the duties of the Securities Administrator. Section 11. Notices . Any notice, report or other communication given hereunder shall be in writing, delivered by mail, overnight courier or facsimile and addressed as follows: (a) if to the Issuer, to: Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1 c/o Chase Bank USA, National Association 500 Stanton Christiana Road, FL3/OPS4 Newark, Delaware 19713 Attention: Worldwide Securities Services fax: (302) 552-6280 (b) if to the Securities Administrator, to: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 9062 Old Annapolis Road Columbia, Maryland 21045 Attention: Client Manager – Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1 fax: (410) 715-2380 (c) if to the Owner Trustee, to: c/o Chase Bank USA, National Association 500 Stanton Christiana Road, FL3/OPS4 Newark, Delaware 19713 Attention: Worldwide Securities Services fax: (302) 552-6280 (d) if to the Depositor, to: Structured Asset Mortgage Investments II Inc. 383 Madison Avenue New York, New York 10179 Attention: Legal Department – Luminent Mortgage Trust 2005-1 or to such other address as any party shall have provided to the other parties in writing. Any notice required to be in writing hereunder shall be deemed given if such notice is mailed by certified mail, postage prepaid, hand delivered or faxed to the address of such party as provided above. Section 12. Amendments . (a) This Agreement may be amended from time to time by the parties hereto as specified in this Section, provided that any amendment be accompanied by the written consent of the Indenture Trustee and an Opinion of Counsel shall be furnished to the Indenture Trustee (which Opinion of Counsel shall not be at the expense of the Indenture Trustee) stating that such amendment complies with the provisions of this Section. (b) If the purpose of the amendment is to prevent the imposition of any federal or state taxes at any time that any Notes are outstanding (i.e. technical in nature), it shall not be necessary to obtain the consent of any Noteholder, but the Indenture Trustee shall be furnished with an Opinion of Counsel (which opinion shall not be at the expense of the Indenture Trustee) that such amendment is necessary or helpful to prevent the imposition of such taxes and is not materially adverse to any Noteholder. (c) If the purpose of the amendment is to add or eliminate or change any provision of this Agreement, it shall not be necessary to obtain the consent of any Noteholder, but the Indenture Trustee shall be furnished, other than as contemplated in clause (b) above, with either (i) a letter from each of the Rating Agencies confirming that such amendment will not cause the Rating Agency to qualify, downgrade or withdraw their then-current rating of the Notes or (ii) an Opinion of Counsel, from the party requesting such amendment, stating that such amendment will not materially and adversely affect any of the Noteholders . (d) Promptly after the execution of any such amendment, the Securities Administrator shall furnish a copy of such amendment to each Holder, the Depositor and to the Rating Agency. Section 13. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement may not be assigned by the Securities Administrator unless such assignment is previously consented to in writing by the Owner Trustee and the Depositor. An assignment with such consent and satisfaction, if accepted by the assignee, shall bind the assignee hereunder in the same manner as the Securities Administrator is bound hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be assigned by the Securities Administrator without the consent of the Owner Trustee or the Depositor to a corporation or other organization that is a successor (by merger, consolidation or purchase of assets) to the Securities Administrator, provided that such successor organization executes and delivers to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Depositor an agreement in which such corporation or other organization agrees to be bound hereunder by the terms of said assignment in the same manner as the Securities Administrator is bound hereunder. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall bind any successors or assigns of the parties hereto. Section 14. Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND, CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS PROVISIONS (OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAWS, WHICH SHALL APPLY HERETO), AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS. Section 15. Headings . The section headings hereof have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed to affect the meaning, construction or effect of this Agreement. Section 16. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when so executed shall together constitute one and the same agreement. Section 17. Severability . Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Section 18. Not Applicable to Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in Other Capacities . Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any obligation Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. may have in any other capacity. Section 19. Limitation of Liability of Owner Trustee . Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement has been countersigned by Chase Bank USA, National Association not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity as Owner Trustee of the Issuer and in no event shall Chase Bank USA, National Association in its individual capacity or any beneficial owner of the Issuer have any liability for the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the Issuer hereunder, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer. For all purposes of this Agreement, in the performance of any duties or obligations of the Issuer hereunder, the Owner Trustee shall be subject to, and entitled to the benefits of, the terms and provisions of Articles VI, VII and VIII of the Trust Agreement. Section 20. Limitation of Liability of the Securities Administrator; Indemnification . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Agreement has been signed by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity as Securities Administrator and in no event shall the Securities Administrator in its individual capacity have any liability for the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the Issuer hereunder, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the Issuer. The Securities Administrator shall not have any duties or obligations other than those expressly set forth in this Agreement, and no implied duties on its part shall be read into this Agreement. In acting as Securities Administrator, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. shall be entitled to the same benefits, rights, immunities, protections and rights to indemnification as are afforded to the Indenture Trustee under Article VI of the Indenture. Section 21. Benefit of Agreement . It is expressly agreed that in performing its duties under this Agreement, the Securities Administrator will act for the benefit of holders of the Securities as well as for the benefit of the Issuer, and that such obligations on the part of the Securities Administrator shall be enforceable at the instance of the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer. Section 22. Bankruptcy Matters . No party to this Agreement shall take any action to cause the Depositor or the Issuer to dissolve in whole or in part or file a voluntary petition or otherwise initiate proceedings to have the Depositor or the Issuer adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, or consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against the Depositor or the Issuer, or file a petition seeking or consenting to reorganization or relief of the Depositor or the Issuer as debtor under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, or other relief for debtors with respect to the Depositor or the Issuer; or seek or consent to the appointment of any trustee, receiver, conservator, assignee, sequestrator, custodian, liquidator (or other similar official) of the Depositor or the Issuer or of all or any substantial part of the properties and assets of the Depositor or the Issuer, or cause the Issuer to make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors of the Depositor or the Issuer, or take any action in furtherance of any of the above actions. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written. LUMINENT MORTGAGE TRUST 2005-1, By: Chase Bank USA, National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee By: /s/ Diane P. Ledger Name: Diane P. Ledger Title: Assistant Vice President WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Securities Administrator By: /s/ Amy Doyle Name: Amy Doyle Title: Vice President CHASE BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Owner Trustee By: /s/ Diane P. Ledger Name: Diane P. Ledger Title: Assistant Vice President STRUCTURED ASSET MORTGAGE INVESTMENTS II INC., as Depositor By: /s/ Baron Silverstein Name: Baron Silverstein Title: Vice President
