ACCESSION 0000950134-08-018585  FORM 8-K  FILED 20081028  ACCEPTED 20081028160424 ET  COMPANY GLU MOBILE INC  ITEMS ['Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K f50265e8vk.htm FORM 8-K =====
e8vk Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of report: October 22, 2008 (Date of earliest event reported) Glu Mobile Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Delaware (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 001-33368 (Commission File Number) 91-2143667 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 2207 Bridgepointe Parkway, Suite 250 San Mateo, California (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 94404 (Zip Code) (650) 532-2400 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) n/a (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) TABLE OF CONTENTS Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits SIGNATURES EXHIBIT INDEX EXHIBIT 99.01 EXHIBIT 99.02 Table of Contents Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. On October 22, 2008, the Board of Directors of Glu Mobile Inc. (the “Company”) adopted Amended and Restated Bylaws for the Company (the “Bylaws”), which were amended to, among other things: (1) Revise Article II, Section 1.11 (Notice of Stockholder Business; Nominations) to: • Require that any stockholder of the Company who submits a nomination for election to the Board of Directors or a stockholder proposal for consideration at a meeting of stockholders to deliver a notice to the Company (a “Stockholder Notice”) , which shall include, among other things (i) in the case of a stockholder nomination for election as a director, specified information regarding ownership of Company stock and related derivative securities, including ownership information of an Associated Person (as defined below) of such nominee or stockholder; and (ii) in all instances (including where the stockholder is submitting a nominee for election), specified name and address information and specified information regarding ownership of Company stock and related derivative securities for such stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person (collectively, the “Securityholdings”); • Require that any such notice specify (a) whether the stockholder or beneficial owner intends to solicit proxies from holders of, in the case of a proposal, at least the percentage of the Company’s voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, a sufficient number of holders of the Company’s voting shares to elect such nominee or nominees (an affirmative statement of such intent being a “Solicitation Notice”), and (b) to the extent known by such stockholder or beneficial owner or any Associated Person, (i) information regarding any other stockholder or holder of derivative interests supporting the proposed nominee(s) for election or the proposal of other business (such stockholder other holder, an “Aligned Person”), and (ii) whether such stockholder, beneficial owner, Aligned Person or any associated person intends to acquire, directly or indirectly, capital stock representing a majority the voting power of the capital stock of the Company or the power to elect or nominate a majority of the Board of Directors; • Require that the stockholder or any beneficial owner giving the Stockholder Notice must give notice to the Company’s secretary within two business days of any change in the Securityholdings of such stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person occurring between the date of delivery of the Stockholder Notice and the closing of the polls at the meeting (each a “Securityholdings Update”) including specified information regarding the change; and • Provide that any failure by such a stockholder or beneficial owner to provide any Securityholdings Update shall preclude the stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person from voting those Securityholdings at the meeting (and authorize the chairman, secretary or inspector of elections of the meeting to disallow and disregard any such vote purported to be cast). The term “Associated Person” means with respect to any subject stockholder or other person (including any proposed nominee) (a) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such stockholder or other person, (b) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Company owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder or other person, (c) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Associated Person and (d) any associate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), of such stockholder or other person. (2) Revise Article V (Stock) to provide that stock certificates upon which the signature of departed officers, or transfer agent or registrar personnel following such departure, shall be effective irrespective of such departure. Table of Contents (3) Revise Article VI (Indemnification) to: • Reinforce that changes in the Delaware General Corporation Law and changes in bylaws can only broaden, and not reduce, existing indemnification rights; • Reduce exceptions to the Bylaw provision regarding advancement of funds; • Provide specified default indemnification terms where the Company does not have an indemnification agreement with a covered person; and • Specify that the Bylaws provide a contract right to indemnification that continues following the time that the covered person ceased to be a director or officer. (4) Revise Article X (Amendment) to require the approval of Company stockholders holding at least two-thirds of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock to amend the Bylaw that authorizes the Company’s Board of Directors to fix by resolution the size of the Board. The description of the changes to the Bylaws contained herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Bylaws, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 99.01 (and the redline showing the changes from the Company’s prior bylaws filed as Exhibit 99.02) and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Number Description 99.01 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Glu Mobile Inc., dated October 22, 2008. 99.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Glu Mobile Inc., marked to show changes from the Company’s prior bylaws, dated January 18, 2007. Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Glu Mobile Inc. Date: October 28, 2008 By: /s/ Eric R. Ludwig Name: Eric R. Ludwig Title: Chief Financial Officer Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Number Description 99.01 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Glu Mobile Inc., dated October 22, 2008. 99.02 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Glu Mobile Inc., marked to show changes from the Company’s prior bylaws, dated January 18, 2007.

===== EX-99.01 f50265exv99w01.htm EXHIBIT 99.01 =====
exv99w01 Exhibit 99.01 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF GLU MOBILE INC. (a Delaware corporation) As Adopted October 22, 2008 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF GLU MOBILE INC. (a Delaware corporation) TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE Article I – STOCKHOLDERS Section 1.1: Annual Meetings 1 Section 1.2: Special Meetings 1 Section 1.3: Notice of Meetings 1 Section 1.4: Adjournments 1 Section 1.5: Quorum 2 Section 1.6: Organization 2 Section 1.7: Voting; Proxies 2 Section 1.8: Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record 2 Section 1.9: List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote 3 Section 1.10: Inspectors of Elections 3 Section 1.11: Notice of Stockholder Business; Nominations 4 Article II — BOARD OF DIRECTORS Section 2.1: Number; Qualifications 8 Section 2.2: Election; Resignation; Removal; Vacancies 8 Section 2.3: Regular Meetings 8 Section 2.4: Special Meetings 8 Section 2.5: Remote Meetings Permitted 8 Section 2.6: Quorum; Vote Required for Action 9 i AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF GLU MOBILE INC. (a Delaware corporation) TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont’d) PAGE Section 2.7: Organization 9 Section 2.8: Written Action by Directors 9 Section 2.9: Powers 9 Section 2.10: Compensation of Directors 9 Article III – COMMITTEES Section 3.1: Committees 9 Section 3.2: Committee Rules 9 Article IV – OFFICERS Section 4.1: Generally 10 Section 4.2: Chief Executive Officer 10 Section 4.3: Chairman of the Board 10 Section 4.4: Lead Independent Director 10 Section 4.5: President 11 Section 4.6: Vice President 11 Section 4.7: Chief Financial Officer 11 Section 4.8: Treasurer 11 Section 4.9: Secretary (and Assistant Secretary) 11 Section 4.10: Delegation of Authority 11 Section 4.11: Removal 11 ii AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF GLU MOBILE INC. (a Delaware corporation) TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont’d) PAGE Article V – STOCK Section 5.l: Certificates 12 Section 5.2: Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Stock Certificates; Issuance of New Certificate 12 Section 5.3: Other Regulations 12 Article VI – INDEMNIFICATION Section 6.1: Indemnification of Officers and Directors 12 Section 6.2: Advance of Expenses 12 Section 6.3: Non-Exclusivity of Rights 12 Section 6.4: Indemnification Contracts 13 Section 6.5 Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit 13 Section 6.6: Nature of Rights 13 Article VII – NOTICES Section 7.l: Notice 14 Section 7.2: Waiver of Notice 15 Article VIII — INTERESTED DIRECTORS Section 8.1: Interested Directors 15 Section 8.2: Quorum 15 Article IX – MISCELLANEOUS Section 9.1: Fiscal Year 16 Section 9.2: Seal 16 iii AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF GLU MOBILE INC. (a Delaware corporation) TABLE OF CONTENTS (cont’d) PAGE Section 9.3: Form of Records 16 Section 9.4: Reliance Upon Books and Records 16 Section 9.5: Certificate of Incorporation Governs 16 Section 9.6: Severability 16 Article X – AMENDMENT 16 iv AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF GLU MOBILE INC. (a Delaware corporation) As Adopted October 22, 2008 ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS Section 1.1 : Annual Meetings . An annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors at such date and time as the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “ Board ”) shall each year fix. The meeting may be held either at a place, within or without the State of Delaware as permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “ DGCL ”), or by means of remote communication as the Board in its sole discretion may determine. Any proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting. Section 1.2 : Special Meetings . Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board, the Lead Independent Director, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or by a majority of the members of the Board. If the special meeting of stockholders is to be called at the request of any such person or persons, then such person or persons shall request such meeting by delivering a written request to call such meeting to each member of the Board, and the Board shall then determine the time and date of such special meeting, which shall be held not more than one hundred twenty (120) nor less than thirty-five (35) days after the written request to call such special meeting was delivered to each member of the Board. The special meeting may not be called by any other person or persons. The special meeting may be held either at a place, within or without the State of Delaware, or by means of remote communication as the Board in its sole discretion may determine. Section 1.3 : Notice of Meetings . Notice of all meetings of stockholders shall be given in writing or by electronic transmission in the manner provided by law (including, without limitation, as set forth in Section 7.1(b) of these Amended and Restated Bylaws) stating the date, time and place, if any, of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the “ Certificate of Incorporation ”), such notice shall be given not less than ten (10), nor more than sixty (60), days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. Section 1.4 : Adjournments . The chairperson of the meeting shall have the power to adjourn the meeting to another time, date and place (if any). Any meeting of stockholders may adjourn from time to time, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time, date and place (if any) thereof and the means of remote communications (if any) by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided , however , that if the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, then a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Board may postpone or reschedule any 1 previously scheduled special or annual meeting of stockholders before it is to be held, in which case, notice shall be provided to the stockholders of the new date, time and place, if any, of the meeting as provided in Section 1.3 above. Section 1.5 : Quorum . At each meeting of stockholders the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, unless otherwise required by applicable law. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the chairperson of the meeting may adjourn the meeting. Shares of the Corporation’s stock belonging to the Corporation (or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation are held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation), shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or any other corporation to vote any shares of the Corporation’s stock held by it in a fiduciary capacity and to count such shares for purposes of determining a quorum. Section 1.6 : Organization . Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by such person as the Board may designate, or, in the absence of such a person, the Chief Executive Officer or, in the absence of the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chairman of the Board or the most senior officer of the Corporation present, in that order of priority, or, in the absence of any such person, such person as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, at the meeting. Such person shall be chairperson of the meeting and, subject to Section 1.10 hereof, shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as seems to him or her to be in order. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in such person’s absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. Section 1.7 : Voting; Proxies . Unless otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.8 of these Amended and Restated Bylaws, each stockholder shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of stock held by such stockholder. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy. Such a proxy may be prepared, transmitted and delivered in any manner permitted by applicable law. Neither election of directors nor voting on other matters to be brought before the stockholders at meetings of stockholders need be by written ballot unless demand is so made by any stockholder at the meeting before voting begins or the chairperson of the meeting so elects. If a vote is to be taken by written ballot, then each such ballot shall state the name of the stockholder or proxy voting and such other information as the chairperson of the meeting deems appropriate and, if authorized by the Board, the ballot may be submitted by electronic transmission in the manner provided by law. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, every matter other than the election of directors shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock entitled to vote thereon that are present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and are voted for or against the matter. Section 1.8 : Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, unless otherwise required by law, the Board may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record 2 date is adopted by the Board and which shall not be more than sixty (60), nor less than ten (10), days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any other action. If no record date is fixed by the Board, then the record date shall be as provided by applicable law. To the fullest extent permitted by law, a determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided , however , that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting, in which case, such new record date shall apply to such adjourned meeting. Section 1.9 : List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote . A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder, shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either on a reasonably accessible electronic network as permitted by law (provided that the information required to gain access to the list is provided with the notice of the meeting) or during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation. If the meeting is held at a location where stockholders may attend in person, the list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present at the meeting. If the meeting is held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access the list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. Section 1.10 : Inspectors of Elections . (a) Applicability . Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or required by the DGCL, the following provisions of this Section 1.10 shall apply only if and when the Corporation has a class of voting stock that is: (i) listed on a national securities exchange; (ii) authorized for quotation on an automated interdealer quotation system of a registered national securities association; or (iii) held of record by more than two thousand (2,000) stockholders. In all other cases, observance of the provisions of this Section 1.10 shall be optional, and at the discretion of the Board. (b) Appointment . The Corporation shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. (c) Inspector’s Oath . Each inspector of election, before entering upon the discharge of his duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspector’s ability. (d) Duties of Inspectors . At a meeting of stockholders, the inspectors of election shall (i) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each share, (ii) determine the shares represented at a meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (iii) count all votes and ballots, (iv) determine and retain for a reasonable period of time a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors, and (v) certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting, and their count of all votes and ballots. The inspectors may appoint or retain other persons or entities to assist the inspectors in the performance of the duties of the inspectors. (e) Opening and Closing of Polls . The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced by the 3 chairperson of the meeting at the meeting. No ballot, proxies or votes, nor any revocations thereof or changes thereto, shall be accepted by the inspectors after the closing of the polls unless the Court of Chancery upon application by a stockholder shall determine otherwise. (f) Determinations . In determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots, the inspectors shall be limited to an examination of the proxies, any envelopes submitted with those proxies, any information provided in connection with proxies in accordance with Section 211(e) or Section 212(c)(2) of the DGCL, or any information provided pursuant to Section 211(a)(2)(B)(i) or (iii), ballots and the regular books and records of the Corporation, except that the inspectors may consider other reliable information for the limited purpose of reconciling proxies and ballots submitted by or on behalf of banks, brokers, their nominees or similar persons which represent more votes than the holder of a proxy is authorized by the record owner to cast or more votes than the stockholder holds of record. If the inspectors consider other reliable information for the limited purpose permitted herein, the inspectors at the time they make their certification of their determinations pursuant to this Section 1.10 shall specify the precise information considered by them, including the person or persons from whom they obtained the information, when the information was obtained, the means by which the information was obtained and the basis for the inspectors’ belief that such information is accurate and reliable. Section 1.11 : Notice of Stockholder Business; Nominations (a) Annual Meeting of Stockholders . (i) Nominations of a person or persons for election to the Board and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders shall be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) pursuant to the Corporation’s notice of such meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of the notice provided for in this Section 1.11 and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at such meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. (ii) For nominations for election to the Board or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to this Section 1.11(a), irrespective of whether such matter is included in the Corporation’s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”): (A) the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation; (B) such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action; (C) if the stockholder, or the beneficial owner on whose behalf any such proposal or nomination is made, has provided the Corporation with a Solicitation Notice, as that term is defined in this Section, such stockholder or beneficial owner must, in the case of a proposal, have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation’s voting shares required under applicable law to carry any such proposal, or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a percentage of the Corporation’s voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or beneficial owner to be sufficient to elect the nominee or nominees proposed to be nominated by such stockholder, and must, in either case, have included in such materials the Solicitation Notice; and 4 (D) if no Solicitation Notice relating thereto has been timely provided pursuant to this Section, the stockholder or beneficial owner proposing such business or nomination must not have solicited a number of proxies sufficient to have required the delivery of such a Solicitation Notice under this Section. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice set forth all of the information required by this Section 1.11 and must be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than 5:00 p.m. Pacific time on the seventy-fifth (75th) day nor earlier than 5:00 pm Pacific time on the one hundred and fifth (105th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting; provided , however , that in the event that the date of the impending annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered (x) not earlier than the 5:00 p.m. Pacific time on the one hundred and fifth (105th) day prior to such impending annual meeting and (y) not later than 5:00 p.m. Pacific time on the earlier of (1) the later of the seventy-fifth (75th) day prior to such impending annual meeting or (2) the tenth (10th) day following the day on which the Public Announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation. Such stockholder’s notice (a “ Stockholder Notice ”) shall set forth (or, where applicable, affirmatively state the absence of): (A) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director (w) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (x) the class, series and number of any shares of stock of the Corporation that are beneficially owned or owned of record by such person or any Associated Person (as defined below), (y) the date or dates such shares were acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition and (z) all other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would be otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder (including such person’s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); (B) as to any other business that the stockholder or beneficial owner (as applicable) proposes to bring before the annual meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and any material interest in such business of the stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person on whose behalf the proposal is made, individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder, beneficial owner or any Associated Person therefrom; and (C) as to the stockholder giving the Stockholder Notice, any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made, and any Associated Person (w) the name and address of such stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person, as they appear on the Corporation’s stock ledger, and the current name and address, if different, from the Corporation’s stock ledger, (x) the class, series and number of shares of stock of the Corporation that are owned beneficially by the stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person, (y) the nominee holder for, and the number of, shares of stock of the Corporation, by class and series, that are owned beneficially but not of record by the stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person, (z) whether and the extent to which any derivative interest in the Corporation’s equity securities (including without limitation any cash-settled equity swap, total return swap or similar derivative arrangement) is held by or for the benefit of such stockholder or beneficial owner or any Associated Person, including without limitation whether and the extent to which any ongoing hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by 5 or on behalf of, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including without limitation any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares) has been made, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to or manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, the stockholder or any Associated Person with respect to any share of stock of the Corporation (subsections (x), (y) and (z), collectively, the “ Securityholdings ”), including in each case specifying (aa) to the extent known by such stockholder or beneficial owner or any Associated Person on the date of such Stockholder Notice, the name and address of any other stockholder or holder of other Securityholdings supporting the proposed nominee(s) for election or re-election as a director or the proposal of other business (such stockholder other holder, an “ Aligned Person ”), (bb) to the extent known by such stockholder or beneficial owner or any Associated Person, whether such stockholder, beneficial owner, Aligned Person or any Associated Person of any of the foregoing individually or collectively intends to acquire, directly or indirectly, capital stock representing a majority the voting power of the capital stock of the Corporation or the power to elect or nominate a majority of the Board and (cc) whether the stockholder or beneficial owner intends to deliver (or cause to be delivered) a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of, in the case of a proposal, at least the percentage of the Corporation’s voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, a sufficient number of holders of the Corporation’s voting shares to elect such nominee or nominees (an affirmative statement of such intent being a “ Solicitation Notice ”). In addition, the stockholder giving the Stockholder Notice or any beneficial owner on whose behalf the Stockholder Notice is given or the nomination or proposal is made, as applicable, must give notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation of any change, within two (2) Business Days thereof, in the Securityholdings of such stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person occurring between the date of delivery of the Stockholder Notice and the closing of the polls at the annual meeting (each a “ Securityholdings Update ”). Any such Securityholdings Update shall specify the nature, amount and date of the change, and to the extent known, the counterparty thereto. (iii) Notwithstanding anything in Section 1.7 or any other provision of these Bylaws to the contrary, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any failure by the stockholder or beneficial owner on whose behalf the Stockholder Notice is given or nomination proposal is made, as applicable, to provide any Securityholdings Update shall preclude the stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person from voting those Securityholdings at the annual meeting for which a Securityholdings Update has not been timely provided as required by this subsection, and the chairman, secretary or inspector of elections of the meeting may disallow and disregard any vote cast with respect to any nomination or proposal made by such stockholder, beneficial owner or Associated Person at such meeting. (iv) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of Section 1.11(a)(ii) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board is increased and there is no Public Announcement by the Corporation naming all of the Corporation’s nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board at least seventy five (75) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting (or, if the impending annual meeting is to be held more than thirty (30) days before or sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, at least seventy five (75) days prior to such annual meeting), a stockholder’s notice required by this Section 1.11 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to a nominee or nominees for any new position or positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than 5:00 pm Pacific time on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such Public Announcement is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the Public Announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting to a later date or time 6 commence a new time period (or delay the due date) for the giving of a Stockholder Notice as described above. (b) Special Meetings of Stockholders . Only such business may be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation’s notice of such meeting. Nomination of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to (i) the Corporation’s notice of such meeting, (ii) by or at the direction of the Board or (iii) provided that the Board has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice of the special meeting and at the time of the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board, the stockholder may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporation’s notice of meeting, if the stockholder’s notice required by Section 1.11(a)(ii) is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (a) not earlier than the one hundred fifth (105th) day prior to such special meeting and (b) not later than the earlier of (x) 5:00 pm Pacific time on the later of the seventy fifth (75th) day prior to such special meeting or (y) the tenth (10th) day following the day on which Public Announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall the Public Announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting to a later date or time commence a new time period (or delay the due date) for the giving of a stockholder’s notice as described above. (c) General . (i) If information submitted pursuant to this Section 1.11 by any stockholder or beneficial owner proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders is inaccurate to any material extent, such information may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.11. Upon written request by the Secretary, the Board or any committee thereof, to any stockholder or beneficial owner proposing a nominee for election or re-election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders shall provide, within seven (7) Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), written verification, satisfactory in the discretion of the Board, any committee thereof or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 1.11. If a stockholder or beneficial owner fails to provide such written verification within such period, the information as to which written verification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.11. (ii) Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.11 shall be eligible to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. Except as otherwise provided by law or these Bylaws, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.11 and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance herewith, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded. (iii) For purposes of this Section 1.11, the term “ Associated Person ” shall mean with respect to any subject stockholder or other person (including any proposed nominee) (a) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such stockholder or other person, (b) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such 7 stockholder or other person, (c) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Associated Person and (d) any associate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), of such stockholder or other person; the term “ Business Day ” shall mean shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of California are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close; and the term “ Public Announcement ” shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. (iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the DGCL and of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein. Nothing in this Section 1.11 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in, nor the right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from, the Corporation’s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. ARTICLE II BOARD OF DIRECTORS Section 2.1 : Number; Qualifications . The Board shall consist of one or more members. The number of directors, unless otherwise prohibited by law or provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board. No decrease in the authorized number of directors constituting the Board shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. Directors need not be stockholders of the Corporation. Section 2.2 : Election; Resignation; Removal; Vacancies . The directors shall be divided, with respect to the time for which they severally hold office, into classes as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and vacancies occurring in the Board and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors shall be filled, as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation. Section 2.3 : Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, and at such times as the Board may from time to time determine. Notice of regular meetings need not be given if the date, times and places thereof are fixed by resolution of the Board. Section 2.4 : Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the Lead Independent Director, the Chief Executive Officer or the President or a majority of the members of the Board then in office and may be held at any time, date or place, within or without the State of Delaware, as the person or persons calling the meeting shall fix. Notice of the time, date and place of such meeting shall be given, orally, in writing or by electronic transmission (including electronic mail), by the person or persons calling the meeting to all directors at least four (4) days before the meeting if the notice is mailed, or at least twenty-four (24) hours before the meeting if such notice is given by telephone, hand delivery, telegram, telex, mailgram, facsimile, electronic mail or other means of electronic transmission. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting. Section 2.5 : Remote Meetings Permitted . Members of the Board, or any committee of the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board or such committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear 8 each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to conference telephone or other communications equipment shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. Section 2.6 : Quorum; Vote Required for Action . At all meetings of the Board a majority of the total number of authorized directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting to another place, date or time without further notice thereof. Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Certificate of Incorporation, or required by law, the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board. Section 2.7 : Organization . Meetings of the Board shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, or in such person’s absence by the President, or, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or, in the Chief Executive Officer’s absence, by a chairperson chosen by the Board at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in such person’s absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. Section 2.8 : Written Action by Directors . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee, respectively, in the minute books of the Corporation. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. Section 2.9: Powers . The Board may, except as otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, exercise all such powers and manage and direct all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation. Section 2.10 : Compensation of Directors . Members of the Board, as such, may receive, pursuant to a resolution of the Board, fees and other compensation for their services as directors, including without limitation their services as members of committees of the Board. ARTICLE III COMMITTEES Section 3.1 : Committees . The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of the committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting of such committee who are not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in a resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to the following matters: (i) approving, adopting or recommending to the stockholders any action or matter expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing any bylaw of the Corporation. Section 3.2 : Committee Rules . Unless the Board otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board may make, alter and repeal rules for the conduct of its business not in conflict 9 with the provisions of this Article III. In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board conducts its business pursuant to Article II of these Amended and Restated Bylaws. Adequate provision shall be made for notice to members of a committee of all meetings of such committee, and all matters shall be determined by a majority vote of the members present. Action may be taken by any committee without a meeting if all members thereof consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of such committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. ARTICLE IV OFFICERS Section 4.1 : Generally . The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a Chief Executive Officer and/or a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other officers, including a Chief Financial Officer, and/or an Assistant Secretary as may from time to time be appointed by the Board. All officers shall be elected by the Board; provided , however , that the Board may empower the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation to appoint any officer other than the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer. Each officer shall hold office until such person’s successor is appointed or until such person’s earlier death, resignation or removal. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise may be filled by the Board. Section 4.2 : Chief Executive Officer . Subject to the control of the Board and such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board, the powers and duties of the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation are: (a) To act as the general manager and, subject to the control of the Board, to have general supervision, direction and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation; (b) Subject to Article I, Section 1.6, to preside at all meetings of the stockholders; (c) Subject to Article I, Section 1.2, to call meetings of the stockholders to be held at such times and, subject to the limitations prescribed by law or by these Amended and Restated Bylaws, at such places as he or she shall deem proper; and (d) To affix the signature of the Corporation to all deeds, conveyances, mortgages, guarantees, leases, obligations, bonds, certificates and other papers and instruments in writing which have been authorized by the Board or which, in the judgment of the Chief Executive Officer, should be executed on behalf of the Corporation; to sign certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation; and, subject to the direction of the Board, to have general charge of the property of the Corporation and to supervise and control all officers, agents and employees of the Corporation. The President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation unless the Board shall designate another officer to be the Chief Executive Officer. If there is no President, and the Board has not designated any other officer to be the Chief Executive Officer, then the Chairman of the Board shall be the Chief Executive Officer. Section 4.3 : Chairman of the Board . Subject to the provisions of Section 2.7, the Chairman of the Board shall have the power to preside at all meetings of the Board and shall have such other powers 10 and duties as provided in these Amended and Restated Bylaws and as the Board may from time to time prescribe. Section 4.4 : Lead Independent Director . In the absence of a Chairman of the Board, the Lead Independent Director shall have the power to preside at all meetings of the Board and shall have such other powers and duties as provided in these Amended and Restated Bylaws and as the Board may from time to time prescribe. Section 4.5 : President . Unless the Board shall have designated another individual as the President of the Corporation, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall be the President. Subject to the provisions of these Amended and Restated Bylaws and to the direction of the Board, and subject to the supervisory powers of the Chief Executive Officer (if the Chief Executive Officer is an officer other than the President), and subject to such supervisory powers and authority as may be given by the Board to the Chairman of the Board, and/or to any other officer, the President shall have the responsibility for the general management and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation and the general supervision and direction of all of the officers, employees and agents of the Corporation (other than the Chief Executive Officer, if the Chief Executive Officer is an officer other than the President) and shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of President or that are delegated to the President by the Board. Section 4.6 : Vice President . Each Vice President shall have all such powers and duties as are commonly incident to the office of Vice President, or that are delegated to him or her by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. A Vice President may be designated by the Board to perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chief Executive Officer in the event of the Chief Executive Officer’s absence or disability. Section 4.7 : Chief Financial Officer . The Chief Financial Officer shall be the Treasurer of the Corporation unless the Board shall have designated another officer as the Treasurer of the Corporation. Subject to the direction of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer. Section 4.8 : Treasurer . The Treasurer shall have custody of all monies and securities of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall make such disbursements of the funds of the Corporation as are authorized and shall render from time to time an account of all such transactions. The Treasurer shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as are commonly incident to the office of Treasurer, or as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe. Section 4.9 : Secretary (and Assistant Secretary) . The Secretary shall issue or cause to be issued all authorized notices for, and shall keep, or cause to be kept, minutes of all meetings of the stockholders and the Board. The Secretary shall have charge of the corporate minute books and similar records and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as are commonly incident to the office of Secretary, or as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Assistant Secretary should be appointed by the Board and shall have the same duties and powers as the Secretary. Section 4.10 : Delegation of Authority . The Board may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officers or agents, notwithstanding any provision hereof. Section 4.11 : Removal . Any officer of the Corporation shall serve at the pleasure of the Board and may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Board. Such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights of such officer, if any, with the Corporation. 11 ARTICLE V STOCK Section 5.1 : Certificates; Uncertificated Shares . The shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock may be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation (or the transfer agent or registrar, as the case may be). Notwithstanding the adoption of such resolution by the Board, every holder of stock represented by certificates and, upon request, a holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Board, or the Chief Executive Officer or the President or a Vice President, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by such holder in the Corporation. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were an officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. If any holder of uncertificated shares elects to receive a certificate, the Corporation (or the transfer agent or registrar, as the case may be) shall, to the extent permitted under applicable law and rules, regulations and listing requirements of any stock exchange or stock market on which the Corporation’s shares are listed or traded, cease to provide annual statements indicating such holder’s holdings of shares in the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. Section 5.2 : Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Stock Certificates; Issuance of New Certificates . The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock, or uncertificated shares, in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owner’s legal representative, to agree to indemnify the Corporation and/or to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it, against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate. Section 5.3 : Other Regulations . The issue, transfer, conversion and registration of stock certificates shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board may establish. ARTICLE VI INDEMNIFICATION Section 6.1 Indemnification of Officers and Directors . Each person who was or is made a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, or is involved in any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or other proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative, legislative or any other type whatsoever, preliminary, informal or formal, including any arbitration or other alternative dispute resolution and including any appeal of any of the foregoing (a “ Proceeding ”), by reason of the fact that such person (or a person of whom such person is the legal representative), is or was a member of the Board or officer of the Corporation or a Reincorporated Predecessor (as defined below) or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation or a Reincorporated Predecessor as a member of the board of directors, officer or trustee of another corporation, or of a partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans (for purposes of this Article VI, an “ Indemnitee ”), shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be 12 amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expenses, liability and loss (including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such Indemnitee in connection therewith. Such indemnification shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of such Indemnitees’ heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall indemnify any such Indemnitee seeking indemnity in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Indemnitee only if such Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board or any committee thereof or such indemnification is authorized by an agreement approved by the Board or any committee thereof. As used herein, the term the “ Reincorporated Predecessor ” means a corporation that is merged with and into the Corporation in a statutory merger where (a) the Corporation is the surviving corporation of such merger; (b) the primary purpose of such merger is to change the corporate domicile of the Reincorporated Predecessor to the State of Delaware. Section 6.2 : Advance of Expenses . The Corporation shall pay all expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by such an Indemnitee in defending any such Proceeding as they are incurred in advance of its final disposition; provided , however , that (a) if the DGCL then so requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by such an Indemnitee in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such Indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it should be determined ultimately by final judicial decision from which there is no appeal that such Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VI or otherwise; and (b) the Corporation shall not be required to advance any expenses to a person against whom the Corporation directly brings a claim, in a Proceeding, alleging that such person has breached such person’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation, committed an act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or derived an improper personal benefit from a transaction. Section 6.3: Non-Exclusivity of Rights . The rights conferred on any person in this Article VI shall not be exclusive of any other right that such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaw, agreement, vote or consent of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. Additionally, nothing in this Article VI shall limit the ability of the Corporation, in its discretion, to indemnify or advance expenses to persons whom the Corporation is not obligated to indemnify or advance expenses pursuant to this Article VI. Section 6.4 : Indemnification Contracts . The Board is authorized to cause the Corporation to enter into indemnification contracts with any director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of the Corporation, or any person serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including employee benefit plans, providing indemnification or advancement rights to such person. Such rights may be greater than those provided in this Article VI. Section 6.5 : Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit . The following shall apply to the extent not in conflict with any indemnification contract provided for in Section 6.4 above. (a) Right to Bring Suit . If a claim under Section 6.1 or 6.2 of this Article VI is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty (60) days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be twenty (20) days, the Indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the 13 Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (a) any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (b) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in applicable law. (b) Effect of Determination . Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in applicable law, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the Indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. (c) Burden of Proof . In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VI, or otherwise, shall be on the Corporation. Section 6.6 : Nature of Rights . The rights conferred upon Indemnitees in this Article VI shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer or trustee and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitee’s heirs, executors and administrators. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article VI that adversely affects any right of an Indemnitee or an Indemnitee’s successors shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any right or protection conferred on a person pursuant to this Article VI and existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification (or any prior act, omission, event or circumstance). ARTICLE VII NOTICES Section 7.1 : Notice . (a) Form and Delivery . Except as otherwise specifically provided in these Amended and Restated Bylaws (including, without limitation, Section 7.1(b) below) or required by law, all notices required to be given pursuant to these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall be in writing and may in every instance be effectively given by hand delivery (including use of a delivery service), by depositing such notice in the mail, postage prepaid, or by sending such notice by prepaid telegram, telex, overnight express courier, facsimile, electronic mail or other form of electronic transmission. Any such notice shall be addressed to the person to whom notice is to be given at such person’s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. The notice shall be deemed given (i) in the case of hand delivery, when received by the person to whom notice is to be given or by any person accepting such notice on behalf of such person, (ii) in the case of delivery by mail, upon deposit in the mail, (iii) in the case of delivery by overnight express courier, when dispatched, and (iv) in the case of delivery via telegram, telex, facsimile, electronic mail or other form of electronic transmission when dispatched. (b) Electronic Transmission . Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any 14 provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the Corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (i) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with such consent and (ii) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided, however, the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. Notice given pursuant to this Section 7.1(b) shall be deemed given: (i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (ii) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (iii) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (a) such posting and (b) the giving of such separate notice; and (iv) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. (c) Affidavit of Giving Notice . An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given in writing or by a form of electronic transmission shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. Section 7.2 : Waiver of Notice . Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of these Amended and Restated Bylaws, a written waiver of notice, signed by the person entitled to notice, or waiver by electronic transmission by such person, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any waiver of notice. ARTICLE VIII INTERESTED DIRECTORS Section 8.1 : Interested Directors . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its members of the Board or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are members of the Board or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board or committee thereof that authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his, her or their votes are counted for such purpose, if: (i) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board or the committee, and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; (ii) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board, a committee thereof, or the stockholders. Section 8.2 : Quorum . Interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction. 15 ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS Section 9.1 : Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by resolution of the Board. Section 9.2 : Seal . The Board may provide for a corporate seal, which may have the name of the Corporation inscribed thereon and shall otherwise be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Board. Section 9.3 : Form of Records . Any records maintained by the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account and minute books, may be kept on or by means of, or be in the form of, diskettes, CDs or any other information storage device or method, provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time. The Corporation shall so convert any records so kept upon the request of any person entitled to inspect such records pursuant to any provision of the DGCL. Section 9.4 : Reliance Upon Books and Records . A member of the Board, or a member of any committee designated by the Board shall, in the performance of such person’s duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of the Corporation’s officers or employees, or committees of the Board, or by any other person as to matters the member reasonably believes are within such other person’s professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation. Section 9.5 : Certificate of Incorporation Governs . In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation shall govern and prevail. Section 9.6 : Severability . If any provision of these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall be held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, then such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the maximum extent possible consistent with such holding and the remaining provisions of these Amended and Restated Bylaws (including without limitation, all portions of any section of these Amended and Restated Bylaws containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation, that are not themselves invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation) shall remain in full force and effect. ARTICLE X AMENDMENT Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, stockholders of the Corporation holding at least a majority of the voting power of the Corporation’s outstanding voting stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal these Amended and Restated Bylaws or any portion hereof. To the extent provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation, except insofar as the Bylaws adopted by the stockholders shall otherwise provide; provided that in order for the stockholders of the Corporation to amend or repeal Article II, Section 2.1 hereof the approval of stockholders of the Corporation holding at least two-thirds of the voting power of the Corporation’s outstanding voting stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors shall be required. 16

===== EX-99.02 f50265exv99w02.htm EXHIBIT 99.02 =====
exv99w02 Exhibit 99.02 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF GLU MOBILE INC. (a Delaware corporation) As Adopted October 22, 2008 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF GLU MOBILE INC. (a Delaware corporation) As Adopted January 18 October 22 , 200 7 8 ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS Section 1.1 : Annual Meetings . An annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors at such date and time as the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “ Board ”) shall each year fix. The meeting may be held either at a place, within or without the State of Delaware as permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “ DGCL ”), or by means of remote communication as the Board in its sole discretion may determine. Any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting. Section 1.2 : Special Meetings . Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board, the Lead Independent Director, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or by a majority of the members of the Board. If the special meeting of stockholders is to be called at the request of any such person or persons, then such person or persons shall request such meeting by delivering a written request to call such meeting to each member of the Board, and the Board shall then determine the time and date of such special meeting, which shall be held not more than one hundred twenty (120) nor less than thirty- - five (35) days after the written request to call such special meeting was delivered to each member of the Board. The special meeting may not be called by any other person or persons. The special meeting may be held either at a place, within or without the State of Delaware, or by means of remote communication as the Board in its sole discretion may determine. Section 1.3 : Notice of Meetings . Notice of all meetings of stockholders shall be given in writing or by electronic transmission in the manner provided by law (including, without limitation, as set forth in Section 7.1(b) of these Amended and Restated Bylaws) stating the date, time and place, if any, of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the “ Certificate of Incorporation ”), such notice shall be given not less than ten (10), nor more than sixty (60), days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. Section 1.4 : Adjournments . The chairperson of the meeting shall have the power to adjourn the meeting to another time, date and place (if any). Any meeting of stockholders may adjourn from time to time, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time, date and place (if any) thereof and the means of remote communications (if any) by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided , however , that if the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, then a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. The To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Board may postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled special or annual meeting of stockholders before it is to be held, in which case, notice shall be provided to the stockholders of the new date, time and place, if any, of the meeting as provided in Section 1.3 above. Section 1.5 : Quorum . At each meeting of stockholders the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, unless otherwise required by applicable law. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the chairperson of the meeting may adjourn the meeting. Shares of the Corporation’s stock belonging to the Corporation (or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation are held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation), shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or any other corporation to vote any shares of the Corporation’s stock held by it in a fiduciary capacity and to count such shares for purposes of determining a quorum. Section 1.6 : Organization . Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by such person as the Board may designate, or, in the absence of such a person, the Chief Executive Officer or, in the absence of the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chairman of the Board or the most senior officer of the Corporation present, in that order of priority, or, in the absence of any such person, such person as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, at the meeting. Such person shall be chairperson of the meeting and, subject to Section 1.10 hereof, shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as seems to him or her to be in order. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in such person’s absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. Section 1.7 : Voting; Proxies . Unless otherwise provided by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.8 of these Amended and Restated Bylaws, each stockholder shall be entitled to one (1) vote for each share of stock held by such stockholder. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy. Such a proxy may be prepared, transmitted and delivered in any manner permitted by applicable law. Neither election of directors nor voting on other matters to be brought before the stockholders at meetings of stockholders need be by written ballot unless demand is so made by any stockholder at the meeting before voting begins or the chairperson of the meeting so elects. If a vote is to be taken by written ballot, then each such ballot shall state the name of the stockholder or proxy voting and such other information as the chairperson of the meeting deems appropriate and, if authorized by the Board, the ballot may be submitted by electronic transmission in the manner provided by law. Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. Unless otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, every matter other than the election of directors shall be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock entitled to vote thereon that are present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and are voted for or against the matter. Section 1.8 : Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, unless otherwise required by law, the Board may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board and which shall not be more than sixty (60), nor less than ten (10), days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any other action. If no record date is fixed by the Board, then the record date shall be as provided by applicable law. A To the fullest extent permitted by law, a determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided , however , that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting, in which case, such new record date shall apply to such adjourned meeting. Section 1.9 : List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote . A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder, shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either on a reasonably accessible electronic network as permitted by law (provided that the information required to gain access to the list is provided with the notice of the meeting) or during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation. If the meeting is held at a location where stockholders may attend in person, the list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present at the meeting. If the meeting is held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access the list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. Section 1.10 : Inspectors of Elections . (a) Applicability . Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or required by the DGCL, the following provisions of this Section 1.10 shall apply only if and when the Corporation has a class of voting stock that is: (i) listed on a national securities exchange; (ii) authorized for quotation on an automated interdealer quotation system of a registered national securities association; or (iii) held of record by more than two thousand (2,000) stockholders. In all other cases, observance of the provisions of this Section 1.10 shall be optional, and at the discretion of the Board. (b) Appointment . The Corporation shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. (c) Inspector’s Oath . Each inspector of election, before entering upon the discharge of his duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such inspector’s ability. (d) Duties of Inspectors . At a meeting of stockholders, the inspectors of election shall (i) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each share, (ii) determine the shares represented at a meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (iii) count all votes and ballots, (iv) determine and retain for a reasonable period of time a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors, and (v) certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting, and their count of all votes and ballots. The inspectors may appoint or retain other persons or entities to assist the inspectors in the performance of the duties of the inspectors. (e) Opening and Closing of Polls . The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced by the chairperson of the meeting at the meeting. No ballot, proxies or votes, nor any revocations thereof or changes thereto, shall be accepted by the inspectors after the closing of the polls unless the Court of Chancery upon application by a stockholder shall determine otherwise. (f) Determinations . In determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots, the inspectors shall be limited to an examination of the proxies, any envelopes submitted with those proxies, any information provided in connection with proxies in accordance with Section 211(e) or Section 212(c)(2) of the DGCL, or any information provided pursuant to Section 211(a)(2)(B)(i) or (iii), ballots and the regular books and records of the Corporation, except that the inspectors may consider other reliable information for the limited purpose of reconciling proxies and ballots submitted by or on behalf of banks, brokers, their nominees or similar persons which represent more votes than the holder of a proxy is authorized by the record owner to cast or more votes than the stockholder holds of record. If the inspectors consider other reliable information for the limited purpose permitted herein, the inspectors at the time they make their certification of their determinations pursuant to this Section 1.10 shall specify the precise information considered by them, including the person or persons from whom they obtained the information, when the information was obtained, the means by which the information was obtained and the basis for the inspectors’ belief that such information is accurate and reliable. Section 1.11 : Notice of Stockholder Business; Nominations (a) Annual Meeting of Stockholders . (i) Nominations of a person or persons for election to the Board and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders shall be made at an annual meeting of stockholders ( A i ) pursuant to the Corporation’s notice of such meeting, ( B ii ) by or at the direction of the Board, or ( C iii ) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of the notice provided for in this Section 1.11 and at the time of the annual meeting , who is entitled to vote at such meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. (ii) For nominations for election to the Board or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (C) of Section 1.11(a)(i), this Section 1.11(a), irrespective of whether such matter is included in the Corporation’s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”): (A) the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation and ; (B) such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action . ; (C) if the stockholder, or the beneficial owner on whose behalf any such proposal or nomination is made, has provided the Corporation with a Solicitation Notice, as that term is defined in this Section, such stockholder or beneficial owner must, in the case of a proposal, have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation’s voting shares required under applicable law to carry any such proposal, or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, have delivered a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a percentage of the Corporation’s voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or beneficial owner to be sufficient to elect the nominee or nominees proposed to be nominated by such stockholder, and must, in either case, have included in such materials the Solicitation Notice; and (D) if no Solicitation Notice relating thereto has been timely provided pursuant to this Section, the stockholder or beneficial owner proposing such business or nomination must not have solicited a number of proxies sufficient to have required the delivery of such a Solicitation Notice under this Section. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice described above in set forth all of the information required by this Section 1.11 (a) and must be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business 5:00 p.m. Pacific time on the seventy- - fifth (75th) day nor earlier than the close of business 5:00 pm Pacific time on the one hundred and fifth (105th) day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting (except in the case of the first annual meeting, for which such notice shall be timely if delivered in the same time period as if such meeting were a special meeting governed by Section 1.11(a)) ; provided , however , that in the event that the date of the impending annual meeting is more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered no (x) not earlier than the close of business 5:00 p.m. Pacific time on the one hundred and fifth (105th) day prior to such impending annual meeting and (y) not later than 5:00 p.m. Pacific time on the close earlier of business on (1) the later of the seventy- - fifth (75th) day prior to such impending annual meeting or the close of business on (2) the tenth (10th) day following the day on which the Public Announcement (as defined below) of the date of such annual meeting is first made by the Corporation. Such stockholder’s notice (a “ Stockholder Notice ”) shall set forth : (A) (or, where applicable, affirmatively state the absence of): (A) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director all re-election as a director (w) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (x) the class, series and number of any shares of stock of the Corporation that are beneficially owned or owned of record by such person or any Associated Person (as defined below), (y) the date or dates such shares were acquired and the investment intent of such acquisition and (z) all other information relating to such person that is would be required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or would be otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A (or any successor provision) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), and the rules thereunder ( including such person’s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected ) ; (B) as to any other business that the stockholder or beneficial owner (as applicable) proposes to bring before the annual meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and any material interest in such business of such the stockholder or beneficial owner and the beneficial owner, if any, any Associated Person on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made , individually or in the aggregate, including any anticipated benefit to the stockholder, beneficial owner or any Associated Person therefrom ; and (C) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the Stockholder Notice, any beneficial owner , if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made, and any Associated Person (w) the name and address of such stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person , as they appear on the Corporation’s books, and of such beneficial owner, and the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are owned beneficially and held of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner stock ledger, and the current name and address, if different, from the Corporation’s stock ledger, (x) the class, series and number of shares of stock of the Corporation that are owned beneficially by the stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person, (y) the nominee holder for, and the number of, shares of stock of the Corporation, by class and series, that are owned beneficially but not of record by the stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person, (z) whether and the extent to which any derivative interest in the Corporation’s equity securities (including without limitation any cash-settled equity swap, total return swap or similar derivative arrangement) is held by or for the benefit of such stockholder or beneficial owner or any Associated Person, including without limitation whether and the extent to which any ongoing hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of, or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including without limitation any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares) has been made, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to or manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, the stockholder or any Associated Person with respect to any share of stock of the Corporation (subsections (x), (y) and (z), collectively, the “ Securityholdings ”), including in each case specifying (aa) to the extent known by such stockholder or beneficial owner or any Associated Person on the date of such Stockholder Notice, the name and address of any other stockholder or holder of other Securityholdings supporting the proposed nominee(s) for election or re-election as a director or the proposal of other business (such stockholder other holder, an “ Aligned Person ”), (bb) to the extent known by such stockholder or beneficial owner or any Associated Person, whether such stockholder, beneficial owner, Aligned Person or any Associated Person of any of the foregoing individually or collectively intends to acquire, directly or indirectly, capital stock representing a majority the voting power of the capital stock of the Corporation or the power to elect or nominate a majority of the Board and (cc) whether the stockholder or beneficial owner intends to deliver (or cause to be delivered) a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of, in the case of a proposal, at least the percentage of the Corporation’s voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal or, in the case of a nomination or nominations, a sufficient number of holders of the Corporation’s voting shares to elect such nominee or nominees (an affirmative statement of such intent being a “ Solicitation Notice ”) . In addition, the stockholder giving the Stockholder Notice or any beneficial owner on whose behalf the Stockholder Notice is given or the nomination or proposal is made, as applicable, must give notice to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation of any change, within two (2) Business Days thereof, in the Securityholdings of such stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person occurring between the date of delivery of the Stockholder Notice and the closing of the polls at the annual meeting (each a “ Securityholdings Update ”). Any such Securityholdings Update shall specify the nature, amount and date of the change, and to the extent known, the counterparty thereto. (iii) Notwithstanding anything in Section 1.7 or any other provision of these Bylaws to the contrary, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any failure by the stockholder or beneficial owner on whose behalf the Stockholder Notice is given or nomination proposal is made, as applicable, to provide any Securityholdings Update shall preclude the stockholder or beneficial owner and any Associated Person from voting those Securityholdings at the annual meeting for which a Securityholdings Update has not been timely provided as required by this subsection, and the chairman, secretary or inspector of elections of the meeting may disallow and disregard any vote cast with respect to any nomination or proposal made by such stockholder, beneficial owner or Associated Person at such meeting. (iv) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of Section 1.11(a)(ii) to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board is increased and there is no Public Announcement (as defined below) by the Corporation naming all of the Corporation’s nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board at least seventy- five (75) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting (or, if the impending annual meeting is to be held more than thirty (30) days before or sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, at least seventy five (75) days prior to such annual meeting), a stockholder’s notice required by this Section 1.11 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to a nominee or nominees for any new position or positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not later than the close of business 5:00 pm Pacific time on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such Public Announcement (as defined below) is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the Public Announcement of a postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting to a later date or time commence a new time period (or delay the due date) for the giving of a Stockholder Notice as described above. (b) Special Meetings of Stockholders . Only such business shall may be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation’s notice of such meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to (i) the Corporation’s notice of such meeting ( i , (ii ) by or at the direction of the Board or ( ii iii ) provided that the Board has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record both at the time of giving of notice of the special meeting and at the time of the special meeting , who shall be is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complie s d with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board, any such the stockholder may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be), for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporation’s notice of meeting, if the stockholder’s notice required by Section 1.11(a)(ii) shall be is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation no (a) not earlier than the one hundred fifth (105th) day prior to such special meeting and (b) not later than the close of business earlier of (x) 5:00 pm Pacific time on the later of the seventy fifth (75th) day prior to such special meeting or (y) the tenth (10th) day following the day on which Public Announcement (as defined below) is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall the Public Announcement of a postponement or adjournment of a special meeting to a later date or time commence a new time period (or delay the due date) for the giving of a stockholder’s notice as described above. (c) General . (i) If information submitted pursuant to this Section 1.11 by any stockholder or beneficial owner proposing a nominee for election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders is inaccurate to any material extent, such information may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.11. Upon written request by the Secretary, the Board or any committee thereof, to any stockholder or beneficial owner proposing a nominee for election or re-election as a director or any proposal for other business at a meeting of stockholders shall provide, within seven (7) Business Days of delivery of such request (or such other period as may be specified in such request), written verification, satisfactory in the discretion of the Board, any committee thereof or any authorized officer of the Corporation, to demonstrate the accuracy of any information submitted by the stockholder pursuant to this Section 1.11. If a stockholder or beneficial owner fails to provide such written verification within such period, the information as to which written verification was requested may be deemed not to have been provided in accordance with this Section 1.11. (ii) Only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.11 shall be eligible to be elected to the Board serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. Except as otherwise provided by law or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, the chairperson of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.11 and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance herewith, to declare that such defective proposal or nomination shall be disregarded. ( ii iii ) For purposes of this Section 1.11, the term “ Associated Person ” shall mean with respect to any subject stockholder or other person (including any proposed nominee) (a) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such stockholder or other person, (b) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder or other person, (c) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Associated Person and (d) any associate (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), of such stockholder or other person; the term “ Business Day ” shall mean shall mean any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of California are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close; and the term “ Public Announcement ” shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to s S ection 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. ( iii iv ) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the DGCL and of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein. Nothing in this Section 1.11 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in , nor the right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from, the Corporation’s proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a- 8 -8 (or any successor provision) under the Exchange Act. ARTICLE II BOARD OF DIRECTORS Section 2.1 : Number; Qualifications . The Board shall consist of one or more members. The initial number of directors shall be the number of directors in office at the Initial Public Offering Closing (as defined below), and, thereafter , unless otherwise prohibited by law or provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board. No decrease in the authorized number of directors constituting the Board shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. Directors need not be stockholders of the Corporation. Section 2.2 : Election; Resignation; Removal; Vacancies . The directors shall be divided, with respect to the time for which they severally hold office, into classes as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, and vacancies occurring in the Board and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors shall be filled, as provided in the Certificate of Incorporation. (a) The Board shall initially consist of the person or persons then in office at the time these Amended and Restated Bylaws become effective. (b) Subject to the Certificate of Incorporation, the directors shall be divided, with respect to the time for which they severally hold office, into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively (the “ Classified Board ”). The Board may assign members of the Board already in office to the Classified Board, which assignments shall become effective at the same time the Classified Board becomes effective. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board, with the number of directors in each class to be divided as equally as reasonably possible. The initial term of office of the Class I directors shall expire at the Corporation’s first annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the initial public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of the Corporation’s Common Stock to the public (the “ Initial Public Offering Closing ”), the initial term of office of the Class II directors shall expire at the Corporation’s second annual meeting of stockholders following the Initial Public Offering Closing, and the initial term of office of the Class III directors shall expire at the Corporation’s third annual meeting of stockholders following the Initial Public Offering Closing. At each annual meeting of stockholders commencing with the first annual meeting of stockholders following the Initial Public Offering Closing, directors elected to succeed those directors of the class whose terms then expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.2(b), each director shall hold office until such director’s successor is elected and qualified, or until such director’s earlier death, resignation or removal. In the event of any increase or decrease in the authorized number of directors, (a) each director then serving as such shall nevertheless continue as a director of the class of which he or she is a member and (b) the newly created or eliminated directorships resulting from such increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the Board among the three classes of directors so as to ensure that no one class has more than one director more than any other class. (c) Any director may resign at any time upon notice to the Corporation given in writing or by any electronic transmission permitted by these Amended and Restated Bylaws. Subject to the Certificate of Incorporation, no director may be removed from the Board except for cause by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. In the event of any increase or decrease in the authorized number of directors, (a) each director then serving as such shall nevertheless continue as a director of the class of which he or she is a member and (b) the newly created or eliminated directorships resulting from such increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the Board among the classes of directors so as to ensure that no one class has more than one director more than any other class. To the extent possible, consistent with the foregoing rule, any newly created directorships shall be added to those classes whose terms of office are to expire at the latest dates following such allocation, and any newly eliminated directorships shall be subtracted from those classes whose terms of office are to expire at the earliest dates following such allocation, unless otherwise provided from time to time by resolution adopted by the Board. No decrease in the authorized number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. (d) Subject to Certificate of Incorporation, any vacancy occurring in the Board, and any newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, shall, unless (i) the Board determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by the stockholders or (ii) as otherwise provided by law, be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and not by the stockholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall, if elected to fill a vacancy not created by a newly created directorship, be elected to a class of directors in which such vacancy exists and hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class of directors to which the director has been assigned expires or until such director’s successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or until such director’s successor’s earlier death, resignation or removal. Section 2.3 : Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, and at such times as the Board may from time to time determine. Notice of regular meetings need not be given if the date, times and places thereof are fixed by resolution of the Board. Section 2.4 : Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the Lead Independent Director, the Chief Executive Officer or the President or a majority of the members of the Board then in office and may be held at any time, date or place, within or without the State of Delaware, as the person or persons calling the meeting shall fix. Notice of the time, date and place of such meeting shall be given, orally, in writing or by electronic transmission (including electronic mail), by the person or persons calling the meeting to all directors at least four (4) days before the meeting if the notice is mailed, or at least twenty- - four (24) hours before the meeting if such notice is given by telephone, hand delivery, telegram, telex, mailgram, facsimile, electronic mail or other means of electronic transmission. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting. Section 2.5 : Remote Meetings Permitted . Members of the Board, or any committee of the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board or such committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to conference telephone or other communications equipment shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. Section 2.6 : Quorum; Vote Required for Action . At all meetings of the Board a majority of the total number of authorized directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting to another place, date or time without further notice thereof. Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Certificate of Incorporation, or required by law, the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board. Section 2.7 : Organization . Meetings of the Board shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, or in such person’s absence by the President, or, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or, in the Chief Executive Officer’s absence, by a chairperson chosen by the Board at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in such person’s absence the chairperson of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. Section 2.8 : Written Action by Directors . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee, respectively, in the minute books of the Corporation. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. Section 2.9: Powers . The Board may, except as otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, exercise all such powers and manage and direct all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation. Section 2.10 : Compensation of Directors . Members of the Board, as such, may receive, pursuant to a resolution of the Board, fees and other compensation for their services as directors, including without limitation their services as members of committees of the Board. ARTICLE III COMMITTEES Section 3.1 : Committees . The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of the committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting of such committee who are not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in a resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to the following matters: (i) approving, adopting or recommending to the stockholders any action or matter expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing any bylaw of the Corporation. Section 3.2 : Committee Rules . Unless the Board otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board may make, alter and repeal rules for the conduct of its business not in conflict with the provisions of this Article III. In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board conducts its business pursuant to Article II of these Amended and Restated Bylaws. Adequate provision shall be made for notice to members of a committee of all meetings of such committee, and all matters shall be determined by a majority vote of the members present. Action may be taken by any committee without a meeting if all members thereof consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of such committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. ARTICLE IV OFFICERS Section 4.1 : Generally . The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a Chief Executive Officer and/or a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other officers, including a Chief Financial Officer, and/or an Assistant Secretary as may from time to time be appointed by the Board. All officers shall be elected by the Board; provided , however , that the Board may empower the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation to appoint any officer other than the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, the Chief Financial Officer or the Treasurer. Each officer shall hold office until such person’s successor is appointed or until such person’s earlier death, resignation or removal. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise may be filled by the Board. Section 4.2 : Chief Executive Officer . Subject to the control of the Board and such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board, the powers and duties of the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation are: (a) To act as the general manager and, subject to the control of the Board, to have general supervision, direction and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation; (b) Subject to Article I, Section 1.6, to preside at all meetings of the stockholders; (c) Subject to Article I, Section 1.2, to call meetings of the stockholders to be held at such times and, subject to the limitations prescribed by law or by these Amended and Restated Bylaws, at such places as he or she shall deem proper; and (d) To affix the signature of the Corporation to all deeds, conveyances, mortgages, guarantees, leases, obligations, bonds, certificates and other papers and instruments in writing which have been authorized by the Board or which, in the judgment of the Chief Executive Officer, should be executed on behalf of the Corporation; to sign certificates for shares of stock of the Corporation; and, subject to the direction of the Board, to have general charge of the property of the Corporation and to supervise and control all officers, agents and employees of the Corporation. The President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation unless the Board shall designate another officer to be the Chief Executive Officer. If there is no President, and the Board has not designated any other officer to be the Chief Executive Officer, then the Chairman of the Board shall be the Chief Executive Officer. Section 4.3 : Chairman of the Board . Subject to the provisions of Section 2.7, the Chairman of the Board shall have the power to preside at all meetings of the Board and shall have such other powers and duties as provided in these Amended and Restated Bylaws and as the Board may from time to time prescribe. Section 4.4 : Lead Independent Director . In the absence of a Chairman of the Board, the Lead Independent Director shall have the power to preside at all meetings of the Board and shall have such other powers and duties as provided in these Amended and Restated Bylaws and as the Board may from time to time prescribe. Section 4.5 : President . The President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation unless Unless the Board shall have designated another officer individual as the President of the Corporation, the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall be the President . Subject to the provisions of these Amended and Restated Bylaws and to the direction of the Board, and subject to the supervisory powers of the Chief Executive Officer (if the Chief Executive Officer is an officer other than the President), and subject to such supervisory powers and authority as may be given by the Board to the Chairman of the Board, and/or to any other officer, the President shall have the responsibility for the general management and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation and the general supervision and direction of all of the officers, employees and agents of the Corporation (other than the Chief Executive Officer, if the Chief Executive Officer is an officer other than the President) and shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of President or that are delegated to the President by the Board. Section 4.6 : Vice President . Each Vice President shall have all such powers and duties as are commonly incident to the office of Vice President, or that are delegated to him or her by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. A Vice President may be designated by the Board to perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chief Executive Officer in the event of the Chief Executive Officer’s absence or disability. Section 4.7 : Chief Financial Officer . The Chief Financial Officer shall be the Treasurer of the Corporation unless the Board shall have designated another officer as the Treasurer of the Corporation. Subject to the direction of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer. Section 4.8 : Treasurer . The Treasurer shall have custody of all monies and securities of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall make such disbursements of the funds of the Corporation as are authorized and shall render from time to time an account of all such transactions. The Treasurer shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as are commonly incident to the office of Treasurer, or as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe. Section 4.9 : Secretary (and Assistant Secretary) . The Secretary shall issue or cause to be issued all authorized notices for, and shall keep, or cause to be kept, minutes of all meetings of the stockholders and the Board. The Secretary shall have charge of the corporate minute books and similar records and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as are commonly incident to the office of Secretary, or as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time prescribe. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Assistant Secretary should be appointed by the Board and shall have the same duties and powers as the Secretary. Section 4.10 : Delegation of Authority . The Board may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officers or agents, notwithstanding any provision hereof. Section 4.11 : Removal . Any officer of the Corporation shall serve at the pleasure of the Board and may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Board. Such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights of such officer, if any, with the Corporation. ARTICLE V STOCK Section 5.1 : Certificates; Uncertificated Shares . The shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock may be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation (or the transfer agent or registrar, as the case may be). Notwithstanding the adoption of such resolution by the Board, every holder of stock represented by certificates and, upon request, a holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman or Vice- - Chairman of the Board, or the Chief Executive Officer or the President or a Vice President, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by such holder in the Corporation. If such In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were an officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. If any holder of uncertificated shares elects to receive a certificate, the Corporation (or the transfer agent or registrar, as the case may be) shall , to the extent permitted under applicable law and rules, regulations and listing requirements of any stock exchange or stock market on which the Corporation’s shares are listed or traded, cease to provide annual statements indicating such holder’s holdings of shares in the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. Section 5.2 : Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Stock Certificates; Issuance of New Certificates . The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock, or uncertificated shares, in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owner’s legal representative, to agree to indemnify the Corporation and/or to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it, against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate. Section 5.3 : Other Regulations . The issue, transfer, conversion and registration of stock certificates shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board may establish. ARTICLE VI INDEMNIFICATION Section 6.1 Indemnification of Officers and Directors . Each person who was or is made a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, or is involved in any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or other proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative, legislative or any other type whatsoever, preliminary, informal or formal, including any arbitration or other alternative dispute resolution and including any appeal of any of the foregoing ( the a “ Proceeding ”), by reason of the fact that such person (or a person of whom such person is the legal representative), is or was a member of the Board or officer of the Corporation or a Reincorporated Predecessor ( as defined below ) or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation or a Reincorporated Predecessor (as defined below) as a member of the board of directors or , officer or trustee of another corporation, or of a partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans (for purposes of this Article VI, an “ Indemnitee ”) , shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment) , against all expenses, liability and loss (including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith, provided such person acted in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person’s conduct was unlawful Indemnitee in connection therewith . Such indemnification shall continue as to a person an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of such person’s Indemnitees’ heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person Indemnitee seeking indemnity in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person Indemnitee only if such Proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board or any committee thereof or such indemnification is authorized by an agreement approved by the Board or any committee thereof . As used herein, the term the “ Reincorporated Predecessor ” means a corporation that is merged with and into the Corporation in a statutory merger where (a) the Corporation is the surviving corporation of such merger; (b) the primary purpose of such merger is to change the corporate domicile of the Reincorporated Predecessor to the State of Delaware. Section 6.2 : Advance of Expenses . The Corporation shall pay all expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by such a director or officer an Indemnitee in defending any such Proceeding as they are incurred in advance of its final disposition; provided , however , that (a) if the DGCL then so requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by such a director or officer an Indemnitee in advance of the final disposition of such Proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of a written an undertaking, made and signed by or on behalf of such director or officer Indemnitee , to repay all amounts so advanced if it should ultimately be determined ultimately by final judicial decision from which there is no appeal that such director or officer Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VI or otherwise; and (b) the Corporation shall not be required to advance any expenses to a person against whom the Corporation directly brings a claim, in a Proceeding, alleging that such person has breached such person’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation, provided unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the DGCL, committed an act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, or derived an improper personal benefit from a transaction. Section 6.3: Non- - Exclusivity of Rights . The rights conferred on any person in this Article VI shall not be exclusive of any other right that such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaw, agreement, vote or consent of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. Additionally, nothing in this Article VI shall limit the ability of the Corporation, in its discretion, to indemnify or advance expenses to persons whom the Corporation is not obligated to indemnify or advance expenses pursuant to this Article VI. Section 6.4 : Indemnification Contracts . The Board is authorized to cause the Corporation to enter into indemnification contracts with any director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of the Corporation, or any person serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including employee benefit plans, providing indemnification or advancement rights to such person. Such rights may be greater than those provided in this Article VI. Section 6.5 : Effect of Amendment Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit. The following shall apply to the extent not in conflict with any indemnification contract provided for in Section 6.4 above. (a) Right to Bring Suit. If a claim under Section 6.1 or 6.2 of this Article VI is not paid in full by the Corporation within sixty (60) days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be twenty (20) days, the Indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (a) any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (b) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in applicable law. (b) Effect of Determination. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in applicable law, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the Indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. (c) Burden of Proof. In any suit brought by the Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Article VI, or otherwise, shall be on the Corporation. Section 6.6: Nature of Rights. The rights conferred upon Indemnitees in this Article VI shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer or trustee and shall inure to the benefit of the Indemnitee’s heirs, executors and administrators . Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article VI that adversely affects any right of an Indemnitee or an Indemnitee’s successors shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any right or protection conferred on a person pursuant to this Article VI and existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification (or any prior act, omission, event or circumstance) . ARTICLE VII NOTICES Section 7.1 : Notice . (a) Form and Delivery . Except as otherwise specifically provided in these Amended and Restated Bylaws (including, without limitation, Section 7.1(b) below) or required by law, all notices required to be given pursuant to these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall be in writing and may in every instance be effectively given by hand delivery (including use of a delivery service), by depositing such notice in the mail, postage prepaid, or by sending such notice by prepaid telegram, telex, overnight express courier, facsimile, electronic mail or other form of electronic transmission. Any such notice shall be addressed to the person to whom notice is to be given at such person’s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. The notice shall be deemed given (i) in the case of hand delivery, when received by the person to whom notice is to be given or by any person accepting such notice on behalf of such person, (ii) in the case of delivery by mail, upon deposit in the mail, (iii) in the case of delivery by overnight express courier, when dispatched, and (iv) in the case of delivery via telegram, telex, facsimile, electronic mail or other form of electronic transmission when dispatched. (b) Electronic Transmission . Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. Any such consent shall be revocable by the stockholder by written notice to the Corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (i) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with such consent and (ii) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided, however, the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. Notice given pursuant to this Section 7.1(b) shall be deemed given: (i) if by facsimile telecommunication, when directed to a number at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (ii) if by electronic mail, when directed to an electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (iii) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (A a ) such posting and (B b ) the giving of such separate notice; and (iv) if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. (c) Affidavit of Giving Notice . An affidavit of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given in writing or by a form of electronic transmission shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. Section 7.2 : Waiver of Notice . Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of these Amended and Restated Bylaws, a written waiver of notice, signed by the person entitled to notice, or waiver by electronic transmission by such person, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any waiver of notice. ARTICLE VIII INTERESTED DIRECTORS Section 8.1 : Interested Directors . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its members of the Board or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are members of the Board or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board or committee thereof that authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his, her or their votes are counted for such purpose, if: (i) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board or the committee, and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; (ii) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board, a committee thereof, or the stockholders. Section 8.2 : Quorum . Interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction. ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS Section 9.1 : Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by resolution of the Board. Section 9.2 : Seal . The Board may provide for a corporate seal, which may have the name of the Corporation inscribed thereon and shall otherwise be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Board. Section 9.3 : Form of Records . Any records maintained by the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account and minute books, may be kept on or by means of, or be in the form of, diskettes, CDs or any other information storage device or method, provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible paper form within a reasonable time. The Corporation shall so convert any records so kept upon the request of any person entitled to inspect such records pursuant to any provision of the DGCL. Section 9.4 : Reliance Upon Books and Records . A member of the Board, or a member of any committee designated by the Board shall, in the performance of such person’s duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of the Corporation’s officers or employees, or committees of the Board, or by any other person as to matters the member reasonably believes are within such other person’s professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation. Section 9.5 : Certificate of Incorporation Governs . In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation shall govern and prevail. Section 9.6 : Severability . If any provision of these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall be held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, then such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the maximum extent possible consistent with such holding and the remaining provisions of these Amended and Restated Bylaws (including without limitation, all portions of any section of these Amended and Restated Bylaws containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation, that are not themselves invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation) shall remain in full force and effect. ARTICLE X AMENDMENT Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, stockholders of the Corporation holding at least a majority of the voting power of the Corporation’s outstanding voting stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal these Amended and Restated Bylaws or any portion hereof. To the extent provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation, except insofar as the Bylaws adopted by the stockholders shall otherwise provide. ; provided that in order for the stockholders of the Corporation to amend or repeal Article II, Section 2.1 hereof the approval of stockholders of the Corporation holding at least two-thirds of the voting power of the Corporation’s outstanding voting stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors shall be required.
