ACCESSION 0001654954-17-000970  FORM 8-K  FILED 20170213  ACCEPTED 20170213091613 ET  COMPANY Brekford Corp.  ITEMS ['Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement', 'Other Events', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K bfdi_8k.htm CURRENT REPORT =====
Blueprint UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest reported): February 10, 2017 BREKFORD CORPORATION (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) Delaware 000-52719 20-4086662 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 7020 Dorsey Road Hanover, Maryland 21076 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (443) 557-0200 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): [ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement Merger Agreement O n February 10, 2017, Brekford Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“ Brekford ” or the “ Company ”) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “ Merger Agreement ”) to combine the businesses of Brekford and KeyStone Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ KeyStone ”). The Merger Agreement provides that Brekford and KeyStone will each engage in merger transactions (the “ Mergers ”) with separate wholly-owned subsidiaries of a newly-formed company, Novume Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Novume ”). Under one merger transaction (the “ Brekford Merger ”), one wholly-owned subsidiary of Novume will merge with and into Brekford, leaving Brekford as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Novume. Under a separate merger transaction (the “ KeyStone Merger ”), KeyStone will merge with and into another wholly-owned subsidiary of Novume (“ KeyStone Merger Sub ”), with KeyStone Merger Sub surviving such merger. The time at which the Mergers are completed in accordance with the Merger Agreement is referred to as the “ Effective Time ”. As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, Brekford will change its name to “Brekford Traffic Safety, Inc.” and KeyStone Merger Sub will change its name to “KeyStone Solutions, Inc.” Merger Consideration As consideration for the Mergers, each outstanding share of the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Brekford (“ Brekford Common Stock ”) immediately prior to the Effective Time will become convertible into and exchangeable for 1/15 th of a share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Novume (“ Novume Common Stock ” and such ratio, the “ Brekford Exchange Ratio ”). Each outstanding share of the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of KeyStone (“ KeyStone Common Stock ”) immediately prior to the Effective Time, will become convertible into and exchangeable for 1.9975 shares of Novume Common Stock, and each outstanding share of the Series A Cumulative Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of KeyStone (“ KeyStone Preferred Stock ”) will become convertible into and exchangeable for 1.9975 shares of the Series A Cumulative Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock of Novume (“ Novume Preferred Stock ” and such ratio, the “ KeyStone Exchange Ratio ”). The outstanding warrants and options to purchase shares of Brekford Common Stock and KeyStone Common Stock, as applicable, shall be exchanged for warrants and options to purchase Novume Common Stock at the Brekford Exchange Ratio or the KeyStone Exchange Ratio, as applicable. Collectively, the forgoing is referred to herein as the “ Merger Consideration ”. The Merger Consideration, and each of the Brekford Exchange Ratio and the KeyStone Exchange Ratio, were determined so that, immediately after the Effective Time, the pre-merger stockholders of Brekford will own such portion of the capital stock of Novume as shall be equal to approximately 20% of the issued and outstanding Novume Common Stock , on a fully-diluted basis, and the pre-merger stockholders of KeyStone will own that portion of the capital stock of Novume as is equal to approximately 80% of the issued and outstanding Novume Common Stock, on a fully-diluted basis. Closing Conditions The closing of the Merger Agreement (the “ Closing ”) will take place upon the fulfillment or waiver of all of the conditions to closing set forth in Article VIII of the Merger Agreement or as soon thereafter as practicable, but not later than June 1, 2017, unless otherwise mutually agreed by Brekford and KeyStone. One closing condition is that each of Brekford and KeyStone receive all stockholder approvals and corporate approvals required by the Delaware General Corporations Code and the organizational documents of each company to complete the Mergers. The satisfaction of this condition is assured. On February 10, 2017, the board of directors of Brekford (the “ Brekford Board ”) authorized and approved the Mergers and the adoption of the Merger Agreement. On the same day, certain holders of more than 51% of the issued and outstanding Brekford Common Stock entered into agreements (“ Voting Agreements ”) with Brekford pursuant to which they agreed to vote all of their shares in favor of the Brekford Merger and against any action or transaction that would delay or compromise the ability of Brekford to effectuate the Mergers. On February 9, 2017, the board of directors of KeyStone (the “ KeyStone Board ”) authorized and approved the Mergers and the adoption of the Merger Agreement. On the same date, certain holders of more than 51% of the issued and outstanding shares of KeyStone Common Stock entered into Voting Agreements with KeyStone, and such holders indeed delivered written consents to KeyStone approving the Mergers and adopt the Merger Agreement. A second closing condition requires Novume to prepare and file a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (the “ Registration Statement ”), which shall be declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) prior to the Effective Time, registering the Merger Consideration. This shall not include registration of the options issuable as Merger Consideration in exchange for options previously received by stockholders of Brekford under Brekford’s 2008 Director’s Compensation Plan or stockholders of KeyStone under KeyStone’s 2016 Equity Award Plan, which are intended to be registered separately on a Registration Statement on Form S-8 after the Effective Time. The Registration Statement will include an information statement of Brekford, which Brekford shall distribute to its stockholders in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), prior to the Effective Time. In furtherance of this condition, Novume filed the Registration Statement with the SEC on February 10, 2017. The Registration Statement remains subject to the SEC’s review and comment, and to amendment, as appropriate, by Novume. Brekford is required to sell 81% of the assets and liabilities related to its vehicle services business (the “ Upfitting Business ”) and to use all proceeds from such disposition to repay all indebtedness of Brekford. In furtherance of this condition, on February 6, 2017, Brekford entered into that certain previously-disclosed Contribution and Unit Purchase Agreement (the “ Purchase Agreement ”) with LB&B Associates Inc. (the “ Purchaser ”) and Global Public Safety, LLC (“ GPS ”). Finally, prior to the Effective Time, Novume shall enter into five-year employment agreements with each of Scott Rutherford, Brekford’s current Chief Strategy Officer, and Rodney Hillman, Brekford’s current President and Chief Operating Officer (the “ Employment Agreements ”). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement Mr. Rutherford shall serve as Chief Technology Officer and Mr. Hillman shall serve as President and Chief Operating officer of Brekford Traffic Safety, Inc. Under the Merger Agreement, Novume shall use its best efforts, as soon as practicable after the Effective Time, to obtain listings for Novume Common Stock, Novume Preferred Stock and certain warrants to purchase Novume Common Stock on a national stock exchange, or, alternatively, to obtain quotations for such securities on the OTCQX. Leadership of Novume The leadership of Novume shall be substantially comprised of the current management of KeyStone. Robert A. Berman, the current Chief Executive Officer of KeyStone, shall serve as the Chief Executive Officer of Novume. Harry Rhulen, the current President of KeyStone, shall serve as the President of Novume. Riaz Latifullah, the current Chief Financial Officer of KeyStone, shall serve as the Chief Financial Officer of Novume. Suzanne Loughlin, the current General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer of KeyStone, shall serve as the General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer of Novume. James McCarthy, the current Chief Strategy Officer of KeyStone, shall serve as the Chief Strategy Officer of Novume. At the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of Novume (the “ Novume Board ”), shall have seven (7) members , four (4) of whom shall be independent within the meaning of the Exchange Act, and the national stock exchange to which Novume intends to apply for listings of the Novume securities indicated above. Six (6) members of the Novume Board shall be designated by KeyStone, and one (1) member of the Novume Board shall be designated by Brekford, subject to the approval of KeyStone. The members designated by KeyStone are James McCarthy, who shall serve as Chairman, Robert A. Berman, Dr. Richard Nathan, Glenn Goord, Paul DeBary and one additional independent director who shall be designated by KeyStone prior to the Effective Time. The member to be designated by Brekford shall be independent, as provided herein, and shall be subject to the approval by KeyStone; such member shall be identified by Brekford and approved by KeyStone prior to the Effective Time. As of the date hereof, Glenn Goord and Paul DeBary are independent as provided herein, and shall so remain, as and at the Effective Time. Termination Fee If (i) the Merger Agreement (A) is terminated by KeyStone due to the withdrawal of the recommendation of the Merger Agreement by the board of directors of Brekford (the “ Brekford Board ”), or by Brekford or KeyStone because of the failure to obtain the requisite Brekford stockholders’ approval, or (B) is terminated as a result of Brekford’s material breach of its obligations with regard to Closing and to filing and distributing of the Registration Statement required for the transaction, which breach is not cured within thirty (30) days after notice thereof to Brekford, and (ii) at the time of such termination there shall have been an Acquisition Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement) involving Brekford or any of its subsidiaries (whether or not such offer shall have been rejected or shall have been withdrawn prior to the time of such termination), Brekford shall pay KeyStone a termination fee of $250,000 (the “ Termination Fee ”). The Termination Fee shall be payable in cash at the date of termination. The foregoing information is a summary of the Merger Agreement described above, is not complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, a copy of which is attached as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Readers should review the Merger Agreement for a complete understanding of the terms and conditions associated with this transaction. Item 8.01 Other Events On February 13, 2017, Brekford issued the press release annexed hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed with this report: Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 10.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 10, 2017, among Novume Solutions, Inc., KeyStone Solutions, Inc., Brekford Corp., KeyStone Merger Sub, Inc., and Brekford Merger Sub, Inc. 99.1 Press release, dated February 13, 2017 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. BREKFORD CORPORATION Date: February 13, 2017 By: /s/ Rodney Hillman Name: Rodney Hillman Title: President and Chief Operating Officer

===== EX-99.1 bfdi_ex991.htm PRESS RELEASE, DATED FEBRUARY 13, 2017 =====
Blueprint Exhibit 99.1 News Release Brekford Signs Definitive Agreement to Merge with Keystone Solutions, Inc. HANOVER, Maryland – February 13, 2017 – Brekford Corp. (OTCQX: BFDI) (“Brekford”), a leading public safety and security technology service provider of fully integrated automated traffic safety enforcement (“ATSE”) solutions, parking and traffic enforcement solutions, and an end-to-end suite of technology solutions for public safety vehicles and mobile workers, announced that on February 10, 2017 it entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Agreement”) to combine its business with that of KeyStone Solutions, Inc. (“KeyStone”), based in Chantilly, Virginia. Upon the closing of the Agreement, both Brekford and KeyStone will become wholly owned subsidiaries of a newly formed holding company, Novume Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Novume”), and Brekford will be renamed to “Brekford Traffic Safety, Inc.” The Agreement calls for the outstanding securities of Brekford and KeyStone to be exchanged for securities of Novume. The exchange ratios applicable to each of the Brekford securities and the KeyStone securities have been determined so that, immediately after consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement, KeyStone stockholders and Brekford stockholders will hold approximately 80% and 20%, respectively, of Novume’s outstanding common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, on a fully diluted basis. In connection with the Agreement, Novume filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”) with the SEC on February 10, 2017, explaining the details of the Agreement and registering the securities of Novume to be issued as merger consideration to the holders of the currently outstanding securities of Brekford and KeyStone ( https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1697851/000119312517038565/d338934ds4.htm ). The Registration Statement remains subject to review and comment by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and to amendment by Novume .. The Registration Statement is required to become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), before the Agreement closes. "We have been working hard with KeyStone representatives for the past several weeks to complete and sign this merger agreement,” commented Rod Hillman, President and COO of Brekford. “Our board of directors and management team believe that this combination is in the best interests of our customers and shareholders, and we are looking forward to working with KeyStone’s management team as we seek to expand Brekford’s turnkey ATSE services much more broadly throughout the United States and Latin America.” "The combination of KeyStone and Brekford, along with our recently acquired subsidiary, Firestorm Solutions, will allow shareholders to enjoy the benefits of an entity serving government contractors within the federal services industry,” said KeyStone Solutions CEO Robert Berman. “We will seek growth opportunities both through organic and strategic methods, and the Brekford merger is a key initial step in that process.” The leadership of Novume shall be substantially comprised of the current management of KeyStone. Robert A. Berman, the current Chief Executive Officer of KeyStone, shall serve as the Chief Executive Officer of Novume. Harry Rhulen, the current President of KeyStone, shall serve as the President of Novume. Riaz Latifullah, the current Chief Financial Officer of KeyStone, shall serve as the Chief Financial Officer of Novume. Suzanne Loughlin, the current General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer of KeyStone, shall serve as the General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer of Novume. James McCarthy, the current Chief Strategy Officer of KeyStone, shall serve as the Chief Strategy Officer of Novume. Additionally, prior to the Effective Time, Novume intends to enter into five-year employment agreements with each of Scott Rutherford, Brekford’s current Chief Strategy Officer, and Rodney Hillman, Brekford’s current President and Chief Operating Officer. Under the Agreement, Mr. Rutherford shall serve as Chief Technology Officer and Mr. Hillman shall serve as President and Chief Operating officer of Brekford Traffic Safety, Inc. The closing of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement is conditioned on the sale of Brekford’s vehicle services business, which was announced on February 6, 2017 and is expected to close on or before February 28, 2017. Brekford intends to use all the proceeds from the sale to repay Brekford’s outstanding debt, so that Brekford will have no debt when the Agreement closes. About Brekford Corp . Brekford Corp. provides state-of-the art public safety technology and automated traffic enforcement solutions to municipalities, the U.S. military, various federal entities and other public safety agencies throughout the United States. Its services include automated speed and red light camera enforcement programs, parking enforcement solutions and an end-to-end suite of technology and equipment for public safety vehicle upfitting. Brekford's combination of upfitting services, cutting-edge technology, and automated traffic enforcement services offers a unique 360-degree solution for law enforcement agencies and municipalities. The Company is headquartered in Hanover, Maryland, and its common stock is traded on the OTC Markets under the symbol "BFDI." Additional information on Brekford can be accessed online at www.brekford.com . About KeyStone Solutions KeyStone Solutions is a holding company headquartered in Chantilly, Virginia that was formed in 2016 to provide end-to-end services to government contractors from its subsidiary companies. The company's acquisition strategy is to buy profitable, well run businesses that provide a wide range of complementary services, a "one stop shop" for government contractors. Through strategic acquisitions, KeyStone Solutions aims to be the preeminent source of products and services that provide solutions to government contractors. For more than 30 years, KeyStone subsidiaries have helped Fortune 50 companies and small businesses succeed in the federal market, winning over $150 billion in federal contracts. For more information, please visit www.keystonewins.com . Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of that term in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Words such as "anticipate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "target," "aim," "should," and words and terms of similar substance and any financial projections used in connection with any discussion of future plans, strategies, objectives, actions, or events identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, among others, those concerning our expected financial performance and strategic and operational plans, as well as all assumptions, expectations, predictions, intentions or beliefs about future events. These statements are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us and reflect our current views concerning future events. As such, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among many others: the risk that any projections, including earnings, revenues, expenses, synergies, margins or any other financial items that form the basis for management's plans and assumptions are not realized; a reduction in industry profit margin; requirements or changes affecting the business in which we are engaged; our ability to successfully implement new strategies; operating hazards; competition and the loss of key personnel; changing interpretations of generally accepted accounting principles; continued compliance with government regulations; changing legislation and regulatory environments; and the general volatility of the market prices of our securities and general economic conditions. Readers are referred to the documents filed by Brekford Corp. with the SEC, specifically the Company's most recent reports filed on Form 10-K and Forms 10-Q, which further identify important risks, trends and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this press release. Brekford Corp. expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Contacts For KeyStone Solutions, Inc. Riaz Latifullah, CFO riaz@keystonewins.com For Brekford Corp. Rod Hillman, President and COO investors@brekford.com For Firestorm Solutions, LLC Harry Rhulen, CEO hrhulen@firetorm.com
