ACCESSION 0001144204-08-065890  FORM 8-K  FILED 20081120  ACCEPTED 20081120154447 ET  COMPANY SANDY SPRING BANCORP INC  ITEMS ['Other Events', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K v133097_8k.htm  =====
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 20, 2008 SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Maryland 000-19065 52-1532952 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 17801 Georgia Avenue, Olney, Maryland 20832 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (301) 774-6400 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: [ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 8.01 Other Events. On November 20, 2008, Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (the “Company”) announced that it had received preliminary approval to receive up to $83 million from the U.S. Department of the Treasury under the Treasury’s Capital Purchase Program. The Treasury would purchase up to $83 million in preferred stock from the Company and receive warrants to purchase up to approximately $12.5 million of the Company’s common stock. The press release announcing the receipt of preliminary approval for participation in the Capital Purchase Program is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. Exhibits Number Description 99.1 Press release dated November 20, 2008 2 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. (Registrant) Date: November 20, 2008 By: /s/ Hunter R. Hollar Hunter R. Hollar Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 3

===== EX-99.1 v133097_ex99-1.htm  =====
NEWS RELEASE FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. Receives Preliminary Approval for $83 Million Under the Treasury's Capital Purchase Program OLNEY, MARYLAND , November 20, 2008 ---- Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (Nasdaq: SASR) the parent company of Sandy Spring Bank, was notified by the U.S. Department of the Treasury it has received preliminary approval to participate in the Capital Purchase Program as part of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008. "We are pleased to participate in this program which has been intentionally designed to stabilize our financial markets and provide an additional margin of strength to those institutions that are best positioned to weather the current economic climate," said Hunter R. Hollar, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The Treasury has approved the purchase of up to $83 million in senior preferred stock of Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. with a 5% annual dividend yield for five years, and 9% thereafter. In addition the Treasury will receive warrants to purchase up to approximately $12.5 million of Bancorp common stock. "The additional investment will enhance our already strong capital position," said President Daniel J. Schrider. "The funds will support our lending activities in the local market as well as provide flexibility to evaluate future opportunities that may arise." As of September 30, 2008, Bancorp's capital position was "well capitalized" by all regulatory standards. With the full amount of Treasury's investment, Bancorp's Tier 1 capital ratio would increase to approximately 12.68% and total risk-based capital ratio would increase to approximately 13.93%. ABOUT SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC. With $3.2 billion in assets, Sandy Spring Bancorp is the holding company for Sandy Spring Bank and its principal subsidiaries, Sandy Spring Insurance Corporation, The Equipment Leasing Company and West Financial Services, Inc. Sandy Spring Bancorp is the second largest publicly traded banking company headquartered in Maryland. Sandy Spring is a community banking organization that focuses its lending and other services on businesses and consumers in the local market area. Independent and community-oriented, Sandy Spring Bank was founded in 1868 and offers a broad range of commercial banking, retail banking and trust services through 42 community offices in Anne Arundel, Carroll, Frederick, Howard, Montgomery, and Prince George’s counties in Maryland, and Fairfax and Loudoun counties in Virginia. Through its subsidiaries, Sandy Spring Bank also offers a comprehensive menu of leasing, insurance and investment management services. Visit www.sandyspringbank.com to locate an ATM near you or for more information about Sandy Spring Bank. For additional information or questions, please contact: Hunter R. Hollar, Chief Executive Officer, or Daniel J. Schrider, President, or Philip J. Mantua, Executive V.P. & Chief Financial Officer Sandy Spring Bancorp 17801 Georgia Avenue Olney, Maryland 20832 1-800-399-5919 E-mail: HHollar@sandyspringbank.com DSchrider@sandyspringbank.com PMantua@sandyspringbank.com Web site: www.sandyspringbank.com Forward-Looking Statements Sandy Spring Bancorp makes forward-looking statements in this news release. These forward-looking statements may include: statements of goals, intentions, earnings expectations, and other expectations; estimates of risks and of future costs and benefits; assessments of probable loan and lease losses; assessments of market risk; and statements of the ability to achieve financial and other goals. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “outlook,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “project” and other similar words and expressions. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Sandy Spring Bancorp does not assume any duty and does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements. Because forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions and uncertainties, actual results or future events could differ, possibly materially, from those that Sandy Spring Bancorp anticipated in its forward-looking statements, and future results could differ materially from historical performance. Sandy Spring Bancorp’s forward-looking statements are subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties: general economic conditions and trends, either nationally or locally; conditions in the securities markets; changes in interest rates; changes in deposit flows, and in the demand for deposit, loan, and investment products and other financial services; changes in real estate values; changes in the quality or composition of the Company’s loan or investment portfolios; changes in competitive pressures among financial institutions or from non-financial institutions; the Company’s ability to retain key members of management; changes in legislation, regulations, and policies; and a variety of other matters which, by their nature, are subject to significant uncertainties. Sandy Spring Bancorp provides greater detail regarding some of these factors in its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, including in the Risk Factors section of that report, and in its other SEC reports. Sandy Spring Bancorp’s forward-looking statements may also be subject to other risks and uncertainties, including those that it may discuss elsewhere in this news release or in its filings with the SEC, accessible on the SEC’s Web site at www.sec.gov.
