ACCESSION 0001193125-07-034206  FORM 8-K  FILED 20070216  ACCEPTED 20070216173033 ET  COMPANY MILLS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP  ITEMS ['Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement', 'Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement', 'Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant', 'Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities', 'Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders', 'Other Events', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K d8k.htm FORM 8-K =====
Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 8-K Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 16, 2007 THE MILLS CORPORATION THE MILLS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 1-12994 52-1802283 Delaware 000-50694 52-1873369 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 5425 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 500 Chevy Chase, MD 20815 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: 301-968-6000 Not applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: x Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement. Merger Agreement On February 16, 2007, The Mills Corporation (“ Mills ”) and The Mills Limited Partnership (“ Mills LP ”) executed an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 12, 2007 (the “ Merger Agreement ”), with SPG-FCM Ventures, LLC (the “ Simon/Farallon Joint Venture ”), SPG-FCM Acquisition Inc. (“ Merger Sub ”), and SPG-FCM Acquisition, L.P. (“ Merger LP ”). The Simon/Farallon Joint Venture is an entity owned jointly by Simon Property Group, Inc. (“ SPG ”) and funds managed by Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C. (“ Farallon ”). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture will acquire Mills through a tender offer, at a price of $25.25 in cash per share (the “ Offer Price ”), for all outstanding shares of Mills common stock. The tender offer will be followed by a merger of Merger Sub with and into Mills, in which all common shares not acquired in the tender offer will be converted into the right to receive the Offer Price. Completion of the tender offer will be subject to the valid tender of a number of shares of Mills common stock that, when added together with any shares of Mills common stock already owned by SPG, Farallon and their respective controlled subsidiaries, represents a majority of the outstanding shares of Mills common stock, on a fully diluted basis. Completion of the tender offer is also subject to other customary conditions, including the absence of injunctions or illegality, receipt of a tax opinion, and the absence of a material adverse effect on Mills. Holders of shares of preferred stock of Mills will receive cash in an amount equal to the liquidation preference of their shares following the completion of the merger. Holders of common units of Mills LP will receive the Offer Price per unit in cash at the completion of the merger, and Merger LP will merge into Mills LP. Certain eligible Mills LP unitholders will have the option to exchange their Mills LP units for limited partnership units of Simon Property Group, L.P. (“ Simon OP ”) based upon a fixed exchange ratio of 0.211 Simon OP units for each unit of Mills LP. If offering this election would reasonably be expected to delay the closing of the merger, then these eligible holders will instead receive a preferred limited partnership unit in Mills LP, which will carry only the right to elect the cash Offer Price or the Simon OP units offered to holders in the merger. The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 2.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. The Merger Agreement has been attached to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about Mills, Mills LP or the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture. In particular, the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement are qualified by information in confidential disclosure schedules provided by Mills and Mills LP to the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture in connection with the signing of the Merger Agreement. These disclosure schedules contain information that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the representations and warranties set forth in the Merger Agreement. Moreover, certain representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement were used for the purpose of allocating risk between Mills and Mills LP, on the one hand, and the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture, on the other hand, rather than establishing matters as facts. Accordingly, you should not rely on the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement as characterizations of the actual state of facts about Mills, Mills LP or the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture. In connection with the Merger Agreement, Simon OP and Farallon entered into equity commitment letters, dated as of February 12, 2007 (the “ Equity Commitments ”), with the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture. The Equity Commitments provide that each of Simon OP and Farallon will provide $650 million in equity financing to the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture immediately prior to the closing of the tender offer (or, if earlier, the closing of the merger). If additional funds are required to complete the tender offer or the merger, Simon OP has agreed to provide those funds to the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture in the form of debt financing. The foregoing description of the Equity Commitments is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Equity Commitments, which are filed as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. Credit Agreement On February 16, 2007, in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Mills, Mills LP and certain subsidiaries of Mills entered into a Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the “ New Credit Agreement ”) with Simon OP as Administrative Agent (the “ Administrative Agent ”) and Collateral Agent. The New Credit Agreement provides a senior secured term loan in a principal amount of approximately $1,188 million (the “ Term Loan ”) and a revolving loan facility to Mills LP in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed approximately $365 million (the “ Revolving Facility ,” and together with the Term Loan the “ Credit Facilities ”). The proceeds of the Credit Facilities were used to repay amounts due under the Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2007 (the “ Brookfield Credit Agreement ”), between Mills, Mills LP, and Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (“ Brookfield ”) and to pay certain fees due upon the termination of the Brookfield Credit Agreement, and will be used to provide for working capital requirements and general corporate purposes of Mills LP and its subsidiaries in accordance with an approved budget. To the extent permitted by existing contractual obligations, the Credit Facilities are or will be secured by substantially all of the assets of Mills LP, as well as all equity interests owned by Mills, Mills LP and certain of their subsidiaries in material operating properties. Subject to certain exceptions, the Credit Facilities are or will be guaranteed by all material subsidiaries of Mills and Mills LP that are permitted to do so in accordance with existing contractual obligations. The Credit Facilities will have a maturity of February 16, 2008, which date may be extended if the termination date of the Merger Agreement is similarly extended. The Credit Facilities will bear interest at LIBOR plus 270 basis points, with the underlying LIBOR rate being reset monthly. If the Merger Agreement is terminated, other than for a breach of the Merger Agreement by the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture, the Credit Facilities will thereafter bear interest at LIBOR plus 575 basis points. In connection with the entry into the New Credit Agreement, Mills and Mills LP agreed to pay a fee to Simon OP of approximately $23 million, 66% of which was paid upon entry into the New Credit Agreement, and the balance of which is payable upon the earlier of (a) August 16, 2007, (b) the effective time of the merger and (c) the date on which the Merger Agreement is terminated and all outstanding loans under the New Credit Agreement are repaid in full. As was the case under the Brookfield Credit Agreement, the New Credit Agreement requires compliance, within certain variances, with an agreed budget. The New Credit Agreement generally contains covenants, mandatory prepayment requirements and events of default similar to those that were set forth in the Brookfield Credit Agreement. In the case of any event of default that occurs while the Merger Agreement is in effect (and prior to 60 days after the effective time of the merger), the lenders under the New Credit Agreement are prohibited from exercising default remedies unless the event of default in question is attributable to a payment default, a bankruptcy event, an acceleration of certain other 2 material indebtedness, or a willful and intentional breach of the New Credit Agreement. As was the case under the Brookfield Credit Agreement, the applicable interest rate under the New Credit Agreement is increased by 3% following the occurrence of any event of default. The foregoing description of the New Credit Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the New Credit Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. Other Agreements In connection with the Merger Agreement, Mills also entered into the following agreements: • a letter agreement, dated as of February 12, 2007 (the “ Simon OP Rollover Letter ”), with Simon OP, pursuant to which Simon OP agreed to issue the Simon OP units that may be required to effect the rollover election in the merger; • a letter agreement, dated as of February 12, 2007 (the “ Farallon Lockup Letter ”), with Farallon, pursuant to which Farallon agreed not to dispose of any shares of Mills common stock prior to the earlier of the completion of the tender offer and the termination of the Merger Agreement, subject to certain exceptions; and • a Short Form Option Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2007 (the “ Option Agreement ”), with the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture and Merger Sub, providing an option (the “ Option ”) to acquire up to 43,114,769 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Mills (or such lesser number of shares as are authorized but not outstanding at the time of exercise of the Option), for a price equal to the Offer Price, payable in the form of (i) $0.01 per optioned share and (ii) a promissory note from the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture for the Offer Price less $0.01 per optioned share. The Option may be exercised at any time within six business days after the later of (i) the first date of acceptance of shares pursuant to the tender offer provided in the Merger Agreement and (ii) the expiration of any “subsequent offering period” in such tender offer. However, the Option may only be exercises if, and for a number of shares so that, after the exercise of the Option, the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture shall own at least 90% of the outstanding shares of common stock of Mills. The foregoing descriptions of the Simon OP Rollover Letter, the Farallon Lockup Letter, and the Option Agreement are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text of those agreements, which are filed as Exhibits 10.2, 10.3 and 10.4, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement Brookfield Merger Agreement In connection with entering into the Merger Agreement, Mills terminated the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 17, 2007 (the “ Brookfield Merger Agreement ”), by and among Mills, Mills LP, and Brookfield. In connection with this termination, Mills paid Brookfield a break-up fee of $40 million and expenses totaling $25 million. 3 Brookfield Credit Agreement Upon entering into the New Credit Agreement, Mills terminated the Brookfield Credit Agreement on February 16, 2007. In connection with this termination, Mills repaid all amounts borrowed under the Brookfield Credit Agreement or otherwise owing thereunder, and paid Brookfield back-end fees of approximately $15.3 million. The information included in Item 1.01 is incorporated into this Item 1.02 by reference. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a registrant The information required by this Item 2.03 is included in Item 1.01 and incorporated herein by reference. Item 3.02 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities The information included in Item 1.01 regarding the Option Agreement and the Option is incorporated into this Item 3.02 by reference. The Option was issued without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), in reliance upon the exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders The information required by this Item 3.03 is included in Items 1.01 and 3.02 and incorporated herein by reference. Item 8.01. Other Events. On February 16, 2007, Mills, SPG and Farallon issued a joint press release announcing that they had entered into the Merger Agreement. The full text of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Also on February 16, 2007, Mills issued an email to its employees announcing that it had entered into the Merger Agreement. The full text of the email is filed as Exhibit 99.4 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 12, 2007, by and among SPG-FCM Ventures, LLC, SPG-FCM Acquisition, Inc., SPG-FCM Acquisition, L.P., The Mills Corporation, and The Mills Limited Partnership* 10.1 Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2007, by and among The Mills Limited Partnership, as Borrower, The Mills Corporation, as Parent, certain of its subsidiaries, as Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto, and Simon Property Group, L.P., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent* 10.2 Letter Agreement re: Simon Property Group, L.P. OP Units, dated as of February 12, 2007, from Simon Property Group, L.P. to The Mills Corporation 4 Exhibit No. Description 10.3 Letter Agreement re: Farallon Funds Lock-Up, dated as of February 12, 2007, from Farallon Capital Partners, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners II, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners III, L.P., and Tinicum Partners, L.P., to The Mills Corporation 10.4 Short Form Merger Option Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2007, among The Mills Corporation, SPG-FCM Ventures, LLC, and SPG-FCM Acquisition, Inc* 99.1 Letter Agreement re: Equity Commitment, dated as of February 12, 2007, from Simon Property Group, L.P. to SPG-FCM Ventures, LLC 99.2 Letter Agreement re: Equity Commitment, dated as of February 12, 2007, from Farallon Capital Partners, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners II, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners III, L.P., and Tinicum Partners, L.P., to SPG-FCM Ventures, LLC 99.3 Press Release issued jointly by The Mills Corporation, Simon Property Group, Inc., and Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C., on February 16, 2007 99.4 Email to employees of The Mills Corporation from Mark Ordan, dated February 16, 2007 * Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrants hereby undertake to furnish supplementally copies of any of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. IMPORTANT NOTICE: Mills will file a solicitation/recommendation statement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (or the SEC) in connection with the tender offer by the Simon/Farallon Joint Venture, and, if required, will file a proxy statement or information statement with the SEC in connection with the second-step merger following the tender offer. Stockholders are strongly advised to read these documents if and when they become available because they will contain important information about the tender offer and the proposed merger. Stockholders would be able to obtain a free copy of the solicitation/recommendation statement and the proxy statement or information statement as well as other filings containing information about Mills, the tender offer and the merger, if and when available, without charge, at the SEC’s Internet site ( www.sec.gov ). In addition, copies of the solicitation/recommendation statement, the proxy statement or information statement and other filings containing information about Mills, the tender offer and the merger may be obtained, if and when available, without charge, by directing a request to The Mills Corporation, Attention: Investor Relations, 5425 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 500, Chevy Chase, Maryland 20815, by phone at (301) 968-8367, or on The Mills’ Internet site at www.themills.com . Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements as defined by the federal securities laws which are based on our current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, projected or implied, including, among other things, risks relating to the expected timing of the completion and financial benefits of the tender offer and the merger. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 5 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. THE MILLS CORPORATION Date: February 16, 2007 By: /s/ Richard J. Nadeau Name: Richard J. Nadeau Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer THE MILLS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP By: The Mills Corporation, its General Partner Date: February 16, 2007 By: /s/ Richard J. Nadeau Name: Richard J. Nadeau Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 7 Exhibit Index Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 12, 2007, by and among SPG-FCM Ventures, LLC, SPG-FCM Acquisition, Inc., SPG-FCM Acquisition, L.P., The Mills Corporation, and The Mills Limited Partnership* 10.1 Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2007, by and among The Mills Limited Partnership, as Borrower, The Mills Corporation, as Parent, certain of its subsidiaries, as Guarantors, the Lenders party thereto, and Simon Property Group, L.P., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent* 10.2 Letter Agreement re: Simon Property Group, L.P. OP Units, dated as of February 12, 2007, from Simon Property Group, L.P. to The Mills Corporation 10.3 Letter Agreement re: Farallon Funds Lock-Up, dated as of February 12, 2007, from Farallon Capital Partners, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners II, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners III, L.P., and Tinicum Partners, L.P., to The Mills Corporation 10.4 Short Form Merger Option Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2007, among The Mills Corporation, SPG-FCM Ventures, LLC, and SPG-FCM Acquisition, Inc.* 99.1 Letter Agreement re: Equity Commitment, dated as of February 12, 2007, from Simon Property Group, L.P. to SPG-FCM Ventures, LLC 99.2 Letter Agreement re: Equity Commitment, dated as of February 12, 2007, from Farallon Capital Partners, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners II, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners III, L.P., and Tinicum Partners, L.P., to SPG-FCM Ventures, LLC 99.3 Press Release issued jointly by The Mills Corporation, Simon Property Group, Inc., and Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C., on February 16, 2007 99.4 Email to employees of The Mills Corporation from Mark Ordan, dated February 16, 2007 * Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrants hereby undertake to furnish supplementally copies of any of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

===== EX-99.1 dex991.htm LETTER AGREEMENT--EQUITY COMMITMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 12, 2007 =====
Letter Agreement--Equity Commitment, dated February 12, 2007 Exhibit 99.1 SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, L.P. 225 W. Washington Street Indianapolis, IN 46205 February 12, 2007 SPG-FCM Ventures, L.L.C. c/o Simon Property Group, L.P. 225 W. Washington Street Indianapolis, IN 46205 Ladies and Gentlemen: This letter agreement (this “ Letter Agreement ”) sets forth the commitment of Simon Property Group, L.P. (the “ Investor ”), subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, to purchase certain limited liability company interests of SPG-FCM Ventures, L.L.C., a newly formed Delaware limited liability company (“ Parent ”). It is contemplated that, pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “ Merger Agreement ”) to be entered into by and among Parent, SPG-FCM Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation, SPG-FCM Acquisition, L.P., a Delaware Limited Partnership, The Mills Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), and The Mills Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership (the “ Operating Partnership ”), Parent will, directly or indirectly, acquire the outstanding common stock of the Company and, subject to the Rollover Option, the common units of limited partnership interest of the Operating Partnership not owned by the Company (the “ Acquisition Transactions ”). Each capitalized term used and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Merger Agreement, except as otherwise provided. Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Letter Agreement, Parent has received a commitment letter, dated as of the date hereof (the “ Co-Investor Equity Commitment Letter ”), from Farallon Capital Partners, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners II, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners III, L.P., and Tinicum Partners, L.P. (collectively, the “ Co-Investor ”) addressed to Parent. The Co-Investor Equity Commitment Letter provides that, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, immediately prior to the earlier of (1) the close of business on the Acceptance Date under the Merger Agreement and (2) the close of business on the date on which the Merger Effective Time occurs under the Merger Agreement, the Co-Investor will purchase, or cause the purchase of, limited liability company interests of Parent for a purchase price equal to $650,000,000 in cash (the “ Co-Investor Commitment ”), solely for the purpose of allowing Parent and/or Purchaser Sub to fund a portion of the aggregate amount payable with respect to the Company Common Shares and the LP Units in the Acquisition Transactions. 1. Commitment . The Investor hereby commits, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, immediately prior to the earlier of (1) the close of business on the Acceptance Date under the Merger Agreement and (2) the close of business on the date on which the Merger Effective Time occurs under the Merger Agreement, to purchase, or cause the purchase of, limited liability company interests of Parent for a cash purchase price equal to $650,000,000 less an amount equal to (x) the number of LP Units with respect to which a valid Roll-Over Election has been made and that have been exchanged for Simon OP Units, multiplied by (y) the Merger Consideration (but only with respect to LP Units that are acquired in the Acquisition Transactions by Parent, the Company or the Operating Partnership or cancelled in the Acquisition Transactions) (together with an amount equal to the Shortfall (as defined below), the “ Commitment ”), solely for the purpose of allowing Parent and/or Purchaser Sub to fund a portion of the aggregate amount payable with respect to the Company Common Shares and the LP Units in the Acquisition Transactions; provided , that if the amount of the Commitment, together with the Co-Investor Commitment, shall be less than the aggregate amount payable by Parent or the Company under Articles I and II of the Merger Agreement in respect of all of the shares of common stock of the Company, the common units of limited partnership interest of the Operating Partnership and the Preferred Shares, including any amount payable to the holders of the Preferred Shares upon the Liquidation (such difference, the “ Shortfall ”), then Investor shall loan, or cause the loan of, additional funds to Parent in an amount equal to the Shortfall, and Investor shall not, under any circumstance, be obligated to contribute or lend, as applicable, more than the Investor’s Commitment to Parent. The Investor may effect the purchase of limited liability company interests of Parent directly or indirectly through one or more affiliated entities. The Investor represents and warrants that the funds necessary to fulfill the Commitment are available to it and that no internal or other approval is required for the Investor to fulfill its obligations hereunder. If, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2, in connection with the acceptance and payment for shares of the Company in connection with the Offer in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, Parent does not require all of the equity with respect to which the Investor has made the Commitment, the amount of the equity portion of the Commitment to be funded under this Letter Agreement at such time may be reduced by the Investor on a 50/50 basis with the Co-Investor Commitment to only provide the amount of the Commitment then required; provided , that, if, in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, in connection with any payment with respect to shares of common stock of the Company in connection with the expiration of a subsequent offering period or the closing of the Merger or the Partnership Merger, Parent requires all or any portion of the balance of the equity with respect to which the Investor has made the Commitment, the Investor shall provide such amounts at such time, with such amounts being funded on a 50/50 basis with the Co-Investment Commitment, but in no event shall the Investor, under any circumstances, be obligated to contribute in the aggregate more than the Commitment to Parent. 2. Conditions . The Commitment, including the obligation of the Investor to fund the Commitment, shall be subject to (i) the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement by the Company and (ii) either (A) the satisfaction or waiver of the Tender Offer Conditions as of any date on which (x) the Offer is scheduled to expire and 2 (y) Parent is obligated under the Merger Agreement to consummate the Offer or (B) in the case of a One-Step Merger, the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the Merger Agreement as of any date on which the Parent is obligated under the terms of the Merger Agreement to consummate the Merger. 3. Enforceability . Subject to the provisions of Section 8 hereof, this Letter Agreement may only be enforced by Parent in a manner agreed to by the Investor. Parent’s creditors shall have no right to enforce this Letter Agreement or to cause Parent to enforce this Letter Agreement. 4. No Modification; Entire Agreement . This Letter Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified without the prior written consent of Parent, the Investor and, if such amendment would be adverse to the Company or would be reasonably likely to result in the Offer or the Merger not being consummated, the Company. Together with the Merger Agreement, this Letter Agreement constitutes the sole agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and statements, written or oral, between the Investor or any of its respective affiliates, on the one hand, and Parent or any of its affiliates, on the other, with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. 5. Governing Law; Jurisdiction . This Letter Agreement shall be deemed to be made in and in all respects shall be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of law principles thereof. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York located in the Borough of Manhattan, and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in the State of New York, Borough of Manhattan, solely in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of the provisions of this Letter Agreement and of the documents referred to in this Letter Agreement, and in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby, and hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or of any such document, that it is not subject thereto or that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in said courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Letter Agreement or any such document may not be enforced in or by such courts, and the parties hereto irrevocably agree that all claims with respect to such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined in such a New York State or Federal court. The parties hereby consent to and grant any such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and, to the extent permitted by law, over the subject matter of such dispute and agree that mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in herein or in such other manner as may be permitted by law shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. 6. Waiver of Jury Trial . Each party acknowledges and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this Letter Agreement is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues, and therefore each such party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right such party may have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation directly or indirectly arising out of, under or relating to this Letter Agreement, 3 or any of the transactions contemplated by this Letter Agreement. Each party certifies and acknowledges that (i) no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver, (ii) each party understands and has considered the implications of this waiver, (iii) each party makes this waiver voluntarily and (iv) each party has been induced to enter into this Letter Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications expressed above. 7. Counterparts . This Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile), each such counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts shall together constitute the same agreement. 8. Third Party Beneficiaries . Except as set forth in Section 11, the parties hereby agree that their respective representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein are solely for the benefit of the other party hereto, in accordance with and subject to the terms of this Letter Agreement, and this Letter Agreement is not intended to, and does not, confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder or any rights to enforce the Commitment or any provision of this Letter Agreement; provided , however , that (i) notwithstanding the foregoing the Company and the Operating Partnership shall be deemed to be a third-party beneficiary of Parent’s rights and shall be entitled to enforce the terms of this Letter Agreement in respect thereto as if they were parties hereto, and (ii) without limiting the generality of clause (i) of this proviso, the Company shall be entitled to specific performance of the Investor’s obligations hereunder, in addition to any other remedies at law or in equity, at any time that Parent shall be obligated to make any payment with respect to the common stock of the Company or the common units of limited partnership interest of the Operating Partnership pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. 9. Termination . This Letter Agreement and the obligation of the Investor to fund the Commitment will terminate automatically and immediately upon the earliest to occur of (i) the full amount of the Commitment having been funded to Parent (at which time the obligation shall be discharged) or (ii) the valid termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms. 10. No Recourse . Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Letter Agreement, or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith, by its acceptance of the benefits of this Letter Agreement, the Parent covenants, agrees and acknowledges that no Person other than the Investor has any obligation hereunder and that, notwithstanding that the Investor may be a partnership or limited liability company, the addressee (and any third party beneficiary of this Letter Agreement pursuant to Section 8) has no right of recovery under this Letter Agreement or under any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith, or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation, against, and no personal liability shall attach to, the former, current or future equity holders, controlling persons, directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates, members, managers, general or limited partners or assignees of the Investor or any former, current or future stockholder, 4 controlling person, director, officer, employee, general or limited partner, member, manager, affiliate, agent or assignee of any of the foregoing, whether by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute, regulation or applicable law, or otherwise. 11. Assignment . Neither the Investor nor Parent may assign or delegate its rights, interests or obligations hereunder (except by operation of law) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and of the Company, except that the Investor may assign or delegate its rights, interests or obligations hereunder to one or more affiliates that agree to assume the Investor’s rights, interests or obligations hereunder; provided , that the Investor shall remain obligated to perform its obligations hereunder to the extent not performed by such affiliate. [ Signature Page Immediately Follows ] 5 Sincerely, SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership By: SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation, its general partner By: /s/ David Simon Name: David Simon Title: Chief Executive Officer Agreed to and accepted: SPG-FCM VENTURES, LLC By: /s/ David Simon Name: David Simon Title: Vice-President [ Signature Page to Simon Equity Commitment Letter ]

===== EX-99.2 dex992.htm LETTER AGREEMENT--EQUITY COMMITMENT, DATED FEBRUARY 12, 2007 =====
Letter Agreement--Equity Commitment, dated February 12, 2007 Exhibit 99.2 Farallon Capital Partners, L.P. Farallon Capital Institutional Partners, L.P. Farallon Capital Institutional Partners II, L.P. Farallon Capital Institutional Partners III, L.P. Tinicum Partners, L.P. c/o Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C. One Maritime Plaza, Suite 1325 San Francisco, CA 94111 February 12, 2007 SPG-PCM Ventures, L.L.C. c/o Simon Property Group, Inc. 225 W. Washington Street Indianapolis, IN 46205 Ladies and Gentlemen: This letter agreement (this “ Letter Agreement ”) sets forth the commitment of Farallon Capital Partners, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners II, L.P., Farallon Capital Institutional Partners III, L.P., and Tinicum Partners, L.P. (each individually, an “ Investor ”, and collectively, the “ Investors ”), subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, to purchase certain limited liability company interests of SPG-FCM Ventures, L.L.C., a newly formed Delaware limited liability company (“ Parent ”). It is contemplated that, pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “ Merger Agreement ”) to be entered into by and among Parent, SPG-FCM Acquisition, Inc., a Delaware corporation, SPG-FCM Acquisition, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, The Mills Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), and The Mills Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership (the “ Operating Partnership ”), Parent will, directly or indirectly, acquire the outstanding common stock of the Company and, subject to the Rollover Option, the common units of limited partnership interest of the Operating Partnership not owned by the Company (the “ Acquisition Transactions ”). Each capitalized term used and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Merger Agreement, except as otherwise provided. Simultaneously with the execution and delivery of this Letter Agreement, Parent has received a commitment letter, dated as of the date hereof (the “ Co-Investor Equity Commitment Letter ”), from Simon Property Group, L.P. (the “ Co-Investor ”) addressed to Parent. The Co-Investor Equity Commitment Letter provides that, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, immediately prior to the earlier of (1) the close of business on the Acceptance Date under the Merger Agreement and (2) the close of business on the date on which the Merger Effective Time occurs under the Merger Agreement, the Co-Investor will purchase, or cause the purchase of, limited liability company interests of Parent for a purchase price equal to $650,000,000 in cash (the “ Co-Investor Commitment ”), solely for the purpose of allowing Parent and/or Purchaser Sub to fund a portion of the aggregate amount payable with respect to the Company Common Shares and the LP Units in the Acquisition Transactions. 1. Commitment . The Investors hereby commit, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, immediately prior to the earlier of (1) the close of business on the Acceptance Date under the Merger Agreement and (2) the close of business on the date on which the Merger Effective Time occurs under the Merger Agreement, to purchase, or cause the purchase of, limited liability company interests of Parent for a cash purchase price equal to $650,000,000 less the value (determined by reference to the Offer Price) of any Company Common Shares that are directly or indirectly either contributed, or caused to be contributed, by the Investors to the Parent or Purchaser Sub prior to the close of business on the Acceptance Date or that are owned by the Investors at the close of business on the Acceptance Date and are, pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, to be cancelled at the Effective Time of the Merger (the “ Commitment ”), solely for the purpose of allowing Parent and/or Purchaser Sub to fund a portion of the aggregate amount payable with respect to the Company Common Shares and the LP Units in the Acquisition Transactions; provided , that Investors shall not, under any circumstances, be obligated to contribute more than the Investors’ Commitment to Parent. Each Investor may effect the purchase of limited liability company interests of Parent directly or indirectly through one or more affiliated entities. The Investors represent and warrant that the funds necessary to fulfill the Commitment are available to them and that no internal or other approval is required for the Investors to fulfill their obligations hereunder. If, upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2, in connection with the acceptance and payment for shares of the Company in connection with the Offer in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Parent does not require all of the equity with respect to which the Investors have made the Commitment, the amount of the Commitment to be funded under this Letter Agreement at such time may be reduced by the Investors on a 50/50 basis with the Co-Investor Commitment to only provide the amount of the Commitment then required; provided , that , if, in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, in connection with any payment with respect to shares of common stock of the Company in connection with the expiration of a subsequent offering period or the closing of the Merger or the Partnership Merger, Parent requires all or any portion of the balance of the equity with respect to which the Investors have made the Commitment, the Investors shall provide such amounts at such time, with such amounts being funded on a 50/50 basis with the Co-Investment Commitment, but in no event shall the Investors, under any circumstances, be obligated to contribute in the aggregate more than the Commitment to Parent. 2. Conditions . The Commitment, including the obligation of the Investors to fund the Commitment, shall be subject to (i) the execution and delivery of 2 the Merger Agreement by the Company and (ii) either (A) the satisfaction or waiver of the Tender Offer Conditions as of any date on which (x) the Offer is scheduled to expire and (y) Parent is obligated under the Merger Agreement to consummate the Offer or (B) in the case of a One-Step Merger, the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2 of the Merger Agreement as of any date on which Parent is obligated under the Merger Agreement to consummate the Merger. 3. Enforceability . Subject to the provisions of Section 8 hereof, this Letter Agreement may only be enforced by Parent in a manner agreed to by the Investors. Parent’s creditors shall have no right to enforce this Letter Agreement or to cause Parent to enforce this Letter Agreement. 4. No Modification; Entire Agreement . This Letter Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified without the prior written consent of Parent, the Investors and, if such amendment would be adverse to the Company or would be reasonably likely to result in the Offer or the Merger not being consummated, the Company. Together with the Merger Agreement, this Letter Agreement constitutes the sole agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and statements, written or oral, between the Investors or any of their respective affiliates, on the one hand, and Parent or any of its affiliates, on the other, with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. 5. Governing Law; Jurisdiction . This Letter Agreement shall be deemed to be made in and in all respects shall be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York without regard to conflicts of law principles thereof. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York located in the Borough of Manhattan, and the Federal courts of the United States of America located in the State of New York, Borough of Manhattan, solely in respect of the interpretation and enforcement of the provisions of this Letter Agreement and of the documents referred to in this Letter Agreement, and in respect of the transactions contemplated hereby, and hereby waive, and agree not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof or of any such document, that it is not subject thereto or that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in said courts or that the venue thereof may not be appropriate or that this Letter Agreement or any such document may not be enforced in or by such courts, and the parties hereto irrevocably agree that all claims with respect to such action or proceeding shall be heard and determined in such a New York State or Federal court. The parties hereby consent to and grant any such court jurisdiction over the person of such parties and, to the extent permitted by law, over the subject matter of such dispute and agree that mailing of process or other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in herein or in such other manner as may be permitted by law shall be valid and sufficient service thereof. 6. Waiver of Jury Trial . Each party acknowledges and agrees that any controversy which may arise under this Letter Agreement is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues, and therefore each such party hereby irrevocably and 3 unconditionally waives any right such party may have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation directly or indirectly arising out of, under or relating to this Letter Agreement, or any of the transactions contemplated by this Letter Agreement. Each party certifies and acknowledges that (i) no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver, (ii) each party understands and has considered the implications of this waiver, (iii) each party makes this waiver voluntarily and (iv) each party has been induced to enter into this Letter Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications expressed above. 7. Counterparts . This Letter Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile), each such counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts shall together constitute the same agreement. 8. Third Party Beneficiaries . Except as set forth in Section 11, the parties hereby agree that their respective representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein are solely for the benefit of the other party hereto, in accordance with and subject to the terms of this Letter Agreement, and this Letter Agreement is not intended to, and does not, confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder or any rights to enforce the Commitment or any provision of this Letter Agreement; provided , however , that (i) notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and the Operating Partnership shall be deemed to be a third party beneficiary of Parent’s rights and shall be entitled to enforce the terms of this Letter Agreement in respect thereto as if they were parties hereto, and (ii) without limiting the generality of clause (i) of this proviso, the Company shall be entitled to specific performance of the Investor’s obligations hereunder, in addition to any other remedies at law or in equity, at any time that Parent shall be obligated to make any payment with respect to the common stock of the Company or the common units of limited partnership interest of the Operating Partnership pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. 9. Termination . This Letter Agreement and the obligation of the Investors to fund the Commitment will terminate automatically and immediately upon the earliest to occur of (i) the full amount of the Commitment having been funded to Parent (at which time the obligation shall be discharged) or (ii) the valid termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms. 10. No Recourse . Notwithstanding anything that may be expressed or implied in this Letter Agreement, or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith, by its acceptance of the benefits of this Letter Agreement, the Parent covenants, agrees and acknowledges that no Person other than the Investors has any obligation hereunder and that, notwithstanding that an Investor may be a partnership or limited liability company, the addressee (and any third party beneficiary of this Letter Agreement pursuant to Section 8) has no right of recovery under this Letter Agreement or under any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith, or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation, against, and no personal liability shall attach to, the former, current or future equity holders, controlling persons, 4 directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates, members, managers, general or limited partners or assignees of any Investor or any former, current or future stockholder, controlling person, director, officer, employee, general or limited partner, member, manager, affiliate, agent or assignee of any of the foregoing, whether by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding, by virtue of any statute, regulation or applicable law, or otherwise. 11. Assignment . Neither the Investors nor Parent may assign or delegate its rights, interests or obligations hereunder (except by operation of law) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and of the Company, except that each Investor may assign or delegate its rights, interests or obligations hereunder to one or more affiliates that agree to assume such Investor’s rights, interests or obligations hereunder; provided, that such Investor shall remain obligated to perform its obligations hereunder to the extent not performed by such affiliate [ Signature Page Immediately Follows ] 5 Sincerely, FARALLON CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P. By: Farallon Partners, L.L.C., its general partner By: /s/ Richard B. Fried Richard B. Fried, Managing Member FARALLON CAPITAL INSTITUTIONAL PARTNERS, L.P. By: Farallon Partners, L.L.C., its general partner By: /s/ Richard B. Fried Richard B. Fried, Managing Member FARALLON CAPITAL INSTITUTIONAL PARTNERS II, L.P. By: Farallon Partners, L.L.C., its general partner By: /s/ Richard B. Fried Richard B. Fried, Managing Member FARALLON CAPITAL INSTITUTIONAL PARTNERS III, L.P. By: Farallon Partners, L.L.C., its general partner By: /s/ Richard B. Fried Richard B. Fried, Managing Member [ Signature Page to Farallon Equity Commitment Letter ] TINICUM PARTNERS, L.P. By: Farallon Partners, L.L.C., its general partner By: /s/ Richard B. Fried Richard B. Fried, Managing Member Agreed to and accepted: SPG-FCM VENTURES, LLC By: /s/ Richard B. Fried Name: Richard B. Fried Title: Managing Member [ Signature Page to Farallon Equity Commitment Letter ]

===== EX-99.3 dex993.htm PRESS RELEASE =====
Press Release Exhibit 99.3 Contacts: Simon Property Group and Farallon Media: Hugh Burns/Stephanie Pillersdorf/Brooke Morganstein Sard Verbinnen & Co (212) 687-8080 Simon Investor Relations: Shelly Doran (317) 685-7330 The Mills: Ken Volk The Mills Corporate Communications (301) 968-6390 Judith Wilkinson/Jeremy Jacobs Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher (212) 355-4449 SIMON PROPERTY GROUP AND FARALLON CAPITAL AGREE TO ACQUIRE THE MILLS FOR $25.25 PER COMMON SHARE Cash Tender Offer for The Mills Common Shares to Commence by End of February Indianapolis, IN, San Francisco, CA, and Chevy Chase, MD, February 16, 2007 – Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE: SPG) (“SPG”), Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C. (“Farallon”), and The Mills Corporation (NYSE: MLS) (“The Mills”) today announced that a joint venture between an entity owned by SPG and funds managed by Farallon has entered into a definitive merger agreement with The Mills under which it will acquire The Mills for $25.25 per common share in cash. The total value of the transaction is approximately $1.64 billion for all of the outstanding common stock of The Mills and common units of The Mills Limited Partnership not owned by The Mills, and approximately $7.9 billion including assumed debt and preferred stock. In connection with the transaction, The Mills has terminated its previous merger agreement (the “BAM Agreement”) with Brookfield Asset Management Inc. (NYSE and TSX: BAM) after determining that the SPG/Farallon offer was more favorable to its stockholders. 1 The acquisition of The Mills will be completed through a cash tender offer at $25.25 per share for all outstanding shares of The Mills common stock, which is expected to commence before the end of February. The tender offer will be followed by a merger in which all common shares not acquired in the offer will be converted into the right to receive the offer price. Completion of the tender offer will be subject to the receipt of valid tenders for a majority of The Mills’ fully diluted common shares and the satisfaction of other customary conditions. Funds managed by Farallon currently own more than 10.8% of the outstanding common shares of The Mills. In addition, SPG has obtained an option to acquire approximately 4.9% of The Mills common shares from Stark Master Fund Ltd. David Simon, Chief Executive Officer of SPG, said, “The Mills properties are an excellent strategic fit with our existing retail assets, and they present a compelling opportunity for the shareholders of SPG, the Farallon investors and The Mills’ existing joint venture partners. We are confident that our significant experience operating both upscale regional malls and outlet centers, vast resources, previous ownership interest in certain Mills properties and history of successful acquisitions, together with Farallon’s financial expertise, will allow us to improve performance of The Mills assets and maximize value for all stakeholders.” Richard B. Fried, a Managing Member of Farallon, said, “This is an excellent opportunity for us to expand our real estate portfolio with high-quality assets in key metropolitan centers and team with the clear leader in the retail real estate sector. Our partnership with SPG will allow these quality assets to perform to their true potential.” Mark S. Ordan, Chief Executive Officer and President of The Mills, said, “We are delighted that our strategic alternatives process has resulted in such an outstanding result for stockholders. We believe the agreement with SPG and Farallon offers excellent value to The Mills’ stockholders and gives them the chance to receive consideration quickly by means of the tender offer. SPG and Farallon are smart investors who recognized the high quality and potential of The Mills’ properties and have the resources to upgrade our properties and to continue to attract premium tenants to The Mills assets.” 2 The Mills Limited Partnership common unitholders will receive $25.25 per unit in cash, subject to certain qualified unit holders having the option to exchange their units for limited partnership units of SPG’s Operating Partnership based upon a fixed exchange ratio of 0.211 SPG Operating Partnership units for each unit of The Mills LP. SPG has provided The Mills with debt financing by replacing The Mills’ senior term loan and revolving line of credit from Brookfield with a new senior term loan and revolving line of credit. The transaction was unanimously approved by The Mills Board of Directors, with those directors affiliated with Kan Am abstaining. The tender offer is expected to close in approximately 45 days. Merrill Lynch & Co. is serving as financial advisor and Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP is acting as legal counsel to SPG. Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP and Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP are acting as legal counsel to Farallon. J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. and Goldman, Sachs & Co. are serving as financial advisors and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, Hogan & Hartson LLP and Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP are serving as legal advisors to The Mills. The Mills will today file a current report on Form 8-K with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission containing a copy of the merger agreement that The Mills has entered into with the SPG/Farallon group. The current report on Form 8-K will be available on the SEC’s website, http://www.sec.gov, and on The Mills’ website, http://www.themills.com. About Simon Property Group Simon Property Group, Inc. (“SPG”), an S&P 500 company headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, is a real estate investment trust engaged in the ownership, development and management of retail real estate, primarily regional malls, Premium Outlet Centers(R) and community/lifestyle centers. SPG’s current total market capitalization is approximately $52 billion. Through its subsidiary partnership, SPG currently owns or has an interest in 286 properties in the United States containing an aggregate of 201 million square feet of gross leasable area in 38 states plus Puerto Rico. SPG also owns interests in 53 European shopping centers in France, Italy, and Poland; 5 Premium Outlet Centers in Japan; and one Premium Outlet Center in Mexico. Additional Simon Property Group information is available at www.simon.com. 3 About Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C. Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C. (“Farallon”) is a global, San Francisco-based investment management company that manages discretionary equity capital of more than $26 billion, largely from institutional investors such as university endowments, foundations, and pension plans. Farallon was founded in March 1986 by Thomas F. Steyer. Farallon invests in public and private debt and equity securities, direct investments in private companies and real estate. Farallon invests in real estate across all asset classes around the world, including the United States, Europe, Latin America and India. More information about Farallon may be found at www.faralloncapital.com. About The Mills Corporation The Mills Corporation, based in Chevy Chase, MD, is a developer, owner and manager of a diversified portfolio of retail destinations, including regional shopping malls and market-dominant retail and entertainment centers. It currently owns 38 properties in the United States totaling approximately 47 million square feet. The Mills is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker: MLS. For more information, visit The Mills’ website at www.themills.com. # # # IMPORTANT NOTICE: This press release is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to buy or the solicitation of an offer to sell any of The Mills’ common shares. The tender offer described herein has not yet been commenced. On the commencement date of the tender offer, an offer to purchase, a letter of transmittal and related documents will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, will be mailed to stockholders of record and will also be made available for distribution to beneficial owners of common shares. The solicitation of offers to buy the Mills common shares will only be made pursuant to the offer to purchase, the letter of transmittal and related documents. When they are available, stockholders should read those materials carefully because they will contain important information, including the various terms of, and conditions to, the tender offer. When they are available, stockholders will be able to obtain the offer to purchase, the letter of transmittal and related documents without charge from the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Website at www.sec.gov or from the information agent that we select. Stockholders are urged to read carefully those materials when they become available prior to making any decisions with respect to the tender offer. The Mills will file a solicitation/recommendation statement with the SEC in connection with the tender offer, and, if required, will file a proxy statement or information statement with the SEC in connection with the second-step merger. Stockholders are strongly advised to read these documents if and when they become available because they will contain important information about the tender offer and the proposed merger. Stockholders would be able to obtain a free copy of the solicitation/recommendation statement and the proxy statement or information statement as well as other filings containing information about The Mills, the tender offer and the merger, if and when available, without charge, at the SEC’s Internet site (http://www.sec.gov). In addition, copies of the solicitation/recommendation statement, the proxy statement or information 4 statement and other filings containing information about The Mills, the tender offer and the merger may be obtained, if and when available, without charge, by directing a request to The Mills Corporation, Attention: Investor Relations, 5425 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 500, Chevy Chase, Maryland 20815, by phone at (301) 968-8367, or on The Mills’ Internet site at http://www.themills.com. Forward-Looking Statements This release contains forward-looking statements as defined by the federal securities laws which are based on our current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, projected or implied, including, among other things, risks relating to the expected timing of the completion and financial benefits of the tender offer and the merger. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 5

===== EX-99.4 dex994.htm EMAIL TO EMPLOYEES OF THE MILLS CORPORATION =====
Email to employees of The Mills Corporation Exhibit 99.4 The following email was sent to all employees of The Mills Corporation on February 16, 2007: We announced this morning that The Mills, Simon Property Group and Farallon Capital Management entered into a definitive merger agreement for Simon/Farallon to acquire The Mills for $25.25 per share. We expect this deal to close in the second quarter of 2007. We also announced the termination of our previous merger agreement with Brookfield Asset Management after determining that the Simon/Farallon offer was more favorable to our stockholders. I know that for many of you this may be unsettling news. Many of you had been hoping that there would be a long term opportunity with the Company and now may be wondering whether that is still the case. We obviously have not yet begun to work with Simon/Farallon to plot our upcoming course, but we will begin this immediately. We will also be offering retention awards at all levels of the organization to many people and this will be done promptly. I have told you several times that while we could never guarantee our future course, we would try to provide certainty as soon as possible. I also promised to be straight with all of you. We will continue to do both. At the same time I have urged all of you to ignore the inevitable rumors that swirl around us. All of the protection that has been put in place by the Mills will be honored as part of our agreement. Rumors to the contrary are false. There will certainly be people throughout our organization that Simon and Farallon will hope to retain long term. Rumors to the contrary are false. Simon and Farallon are organizations that keep their word. Rumors to the contrary are false. Our goal since we began our review of strategic alternatives has been to generate the greatest value for our stockholders, and this transaction with Simon/Farallon is an outstanding outcome for that process. It’s also evidence that smart, experienced investors like Simon and Farallon recognize the high quality and potential of our properties. The last few weeks have been a reminder to all of us that, notwithstanding all of the turmoil of the past year, The Mills has real value. In closing, I urge you all to keep today’s news in the proper perspective. Only a few weeks ago, people’s greatest fears at the Company were very dire. Over the last several months, we have put in many layers of protection—in the event of a change of control and the INEVITABLE changes that brings to any Company. We all have to continue to do our jobs, confident that we are being dealt with honestly and professionally. I will continue to keep you informed as much as I can. I appreciate greatly your support, understanding, and professionalism. Sincerely, Mark Ordan CEO and President The Mills Corporation IMPORTANT NOTICE: The Mills will file a solicitation/recommendation statement with the SEC in connection with the tender offer, and, if required, will file a proxy statement or information statement with the SEC in connection with the second-step merger. Stockholders are strongly advised to read these documents if and when they become available because they will contain important information about the tender offer and the proposed merger. Stockholders would be able to obtain a free copy of the solicitation/recommendation statement and the proxy statement or information statement as well as other filings containing information about The Mills, the tender offer and the merger, if and when available, without charge, at the SEC’s Internet site ( http://www.sec.gov ). In addition, copies of the solicitation/recommendation statement, the proxy statement or information statement and other filings containing information about The Mills, the tender offer and the merger may be obtained, if and when available, without charge, by directing a request to The Mills Corporation, Attention: Investor Relations, 5425 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 500, Chevy Chase, Maryland 20815, by phone at (301) 968-8367, or on The Mills’ Internet site at http://www.themills.com .
