ACCESSION 0001193125-13-000129  FORM 8-K  FILED 20130102  ACCEPTED 20130102075302 ET  COMPANY ZIPCAR INC  ITEMS ['Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement', 'Other Events', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K d460221d8k.htm FORM 8-K =====
Form 8-K SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 2, 2013 (December 31, 2012) ZIPCAR, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-35131 04-3599525 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 25 First Street, 4 th Floor Cambridge, MA 02141 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (617) 995-4231 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act x Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement. On December 31, 2012, Zipcar, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Zipcar ”), Avis Budget Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Avis ”), and Millennium Acquisition Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Avis (“ Merger Sub ”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “ Merger Agreement ”), pursuant to which, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Avis has agreed to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Zipcar for $12.25 per share in cash, without interest, and pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and into Zipcar with Zipcar continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Avis (the “ Merger ”). On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, which has been unanimously approved by the Board of Directors of Zipcar (the “ Zipcar Board ”), at the effective time of the Merger (the “ Effective Time ”), and as a result thereof, each share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of Zipcar (“ Zipcar Common Stock ”) that is issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Zipcar Common Stock owned by Avis, Merger Sub or any of their respective subsidiaries, or by Zipcar or any subsidiary of Zipcar, which will be canceled without payment of any consideration, and Zipcar Common Stock for which appraisal rights have been validly exercised and not withdrawn) will be converted into the right to receive $12.25 in cash, without interest (the “ Merger Consideration ”). Each outstanding option to purchase Zipcar Common Stock shall be accelerated, become fully vested and be cancelled prior to the Effective Time (each, an “ Option ”) and each holder of an Option shall be entitled to receive, in cash, the amount by which the Merger Consideration exceeds the exercise price of such Option multiplied by the number of shares of Zipcar Common Stock subject to such Option. Each outstanding warrant to purchase or otherwise acquire Zipcar Common Stock shall be accelerated, become fully vested and be cancelled at the Effective Time (each, a “ Warrant ”) and each holder of a Warrant shall be entitled to receive, in cash, the amount by which the Merger Consideration exceeds the exercise price of such Warrant multiplied by the number of shares of Zipcar Common Stock subject to such Warrant. Each restricted share of Zipcar Common Stock (each, a “ Zipcar Restricted Share ”) shall become fully vested at the Effective Time and shall be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. Avis and Zipcar have made customary representations, warranties and covenants in the Merger Agreement, including, among others, covenants that: (i) Zipcar will conduct its business in the ordinary course consistent with past practice during the interim period between the execution of the Merger Agreement and the Effective Time, (ii) Zipcar will not engage in certain kinds of transactions during such period without the consent of Avis, (iii) Zipcar will cause a meeting of the Zipcar stockholders to be held to consider adoption of the Merger Agreement, and (iv) subject to certain customary exceptions, the Zipcar Board will recommend adoption of the Merger Agreement by its stockholders. Zipcar has also made certain additional customary covenants, including, among others, covenants not to: (i) solicit proposals relating to alternative business combination transactions or (ii) subject to certain exceptions designed to allow the Zipcar Board to fulfill its fiduciary duties to stockholders of Zipcar, enter into discussions concerning, or provide confidential information in connection with, any proposals for alternative business combination transactions. Consummation of the Merger is subject to customary conditions, including (i) adoption of the Merger Agreement by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Zipcar Common Stock (the “ Stockholder Approval ”), (ii) the absence of any law or order prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, (iii) expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and any other applicable domestic or foreign antitrust or competition laws or regulations, and (iv) the absence of a material adverse effect with respect to Zipcar. The consummation of the Merger is not subject to a financing condition. The Merger Agreement prohibits Zipcar from directly or indirectly initiating, soliciting or participating in or knowingly or intentionally taking any action to encourage or facilitate any Acquisition Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement); provided, however, that at any time prior to the receipt of the Stockholder Approval, Zipcar may, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, furnish information to, and engage in discussions and negotiations with, a third party that makes an unsolicited Acquisition Proposal that the Zipcar Board determines in good faith constitutes or is reasonably likely to result in a Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement). In the event that the Zipcar Board determines that such Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal and Zipcar complies with certain notice and other conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, including providing Avis with a three (3) business day period to match or improve upon such Superior Proposal, and Avis does not deliver a proposal matching or improving upon such Superior Proposal, Zipcar may either (i) terminate the Merger Agreement to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to such Superior Proposal and pay a termination fee of $16,807,250 (the “ Termination Fee ”), or (ii) effect a Change of Company Board Recommendation (as defined in the Merger Agreement). Zipcar may also effect an Intervening Event Change of Recommendation (as defined in the Merger Agreement), subject to providing Avis with a three (3) business day period to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement as would permit the Zipcar Board not to effect an Intervening Event Change of Recommendation. The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both Avis and Zipcar, and further provides that, upon termination of the Merger Agreement in certain circumstances, including if the Merger Agreement is terminated by Avis in the event the Zipcar Board effects a Change of Company Board Recommendation or an Intervening Event Change of Recommendation, Zipcar would be required to pay Avis the Termination Fee. In connection with the parties’ entry into the Merger Agreement, the directors, executive officers and three holders of greater than 5% of the issued and outstanding shares of Zipcar Common Stock (the “ Voting Parties ”) have entered into separate voting agreements (the “ Voting Agreements ”) with Avis covering shares of Zipcar Common Stock legally or beneficially owned by the Voting Parties (the “ Voting Party Shares ”), which represent, in the aggregate, approximately 32% of Zipcar’s outstanding shares. Under the Voting Agreements, each Voting Party has agreed to vote his or her Voting Party Shares in favor of the Merger and against any Acquisition Proposal and certain other actions, proposals, transactions or agreements that could reasonably be expected to, among other things, result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty of Zipcar under the Merger Agreement or such Voting Party under the Voting Agreement or impede, interfere with, delay, discourage, adversely affect or inhibit the timely consummation of the Merger. In addition, each of the Voting Parties has agreed not to make an Acquisition Proposal or initiate, solicit or engage in discussions with any other person regarding an Acquisition Proposal. Each Voting Party has further agreed to certain restrictions on the disposition of its Voting Party Shares, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Voting Agreements. The Voting Agreements provide that they will terminate upon the earlier of the effective time of (i) the Merger and (ii) any termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms. The foregoing descriptions of the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the Voting Agreements do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, the full text of the Merger Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference, and the full text of the Form of Voting Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.2 and incorporated herein by reference. The Merger Agreement governs the contractual rights between the parties in relation to the Merger. The Merger Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the Merger Agreement and is not intended to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about Zipcar or Avis in Zipcar’s or Avis’ public reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, the Merger Agreement is not intended to be, and should not be relied upon as, disclosures regarding any facts and circumstances relating to Zipcar or Avis. The representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement have been negotiated with the principal purpose of establishing the circumstances in which a party may have the right not to consummate the Merger if the representations and warranties of the other party prove to be untrue due to a change in circumstance or otherwise, and allocating risk between the parties, rather than establishing matters as facts. The representations and warranties may also be subject to contractual standards of materiality different from those generally applicable under the securities laws. Item 8.01 Other Events. On January 2, 2013, Zipcar issued a press release announcing the transaction described in Item 1.01 above. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. On January 2, 2013, Zipcar sent a written communication announcing the transaction described in Item 1.01 above to its employees. A copy of Zipcar’s communication to its employees is filed as Exhibit 99.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. On January 2, 2013, Zipcar posted shareholder communications on Twitter regarding the transaction described in Item 1.01 above. A copy of Zipcar’s shareholder communications posted on Twitter is filed as Exhibit 99.3 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. On January 2, 2013, Zipcar sent a written communication announcing the transaction described in Item 1.01 above to its members. A copy of Zipcar’s communication to its members is filed as Exhibit 99.4 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 31, 2012, by and among Avis Budget Group, Inc., Millennium Acquisition Sub, Inc. and Zipcar, Inc.* 2.2 Form of Voting Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2012, by and between Avis Budget Group, Inc. and the directors, executive officers and certain stockholders of Zipcar, Inc. 99.1 Press Release of Zipcar, Inc., dated as of January 2, 2013, announcing entry into the Merger Agreement. 99.2 Communication of Zipcar, Inc. to its employees, dated January 2, 2013, announcing entry into the Merger Agreement. 99.3 Communication of Zipcar, Inc. on Twitter relating to the Merger Agreement. 99.4 Communication of Zipcar, Inc. to its members, dated January 2, 2013, announcing entry into the Merger Agreement. * Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Zipcar agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) a copy of any omitted schedule upon request. Forward Looking Statements Information set forth in this Current Report on Form 8–K contains forward-looking statements that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The statements contained in this communication that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including, without limitation, statements regarding the expected benefits and closing of the proposed Merger and management’s expectations, beliefs and intentions. All forward-looking statements included in this communication are based on information available to Zipcar on the date hereof. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “can,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “targets,” “goals,” “projects,” “outlook,” “continue,” “preliminary,” “guidance,” or variations of such words, similar expressions, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. No assurance can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on Zipcar’s results of operations or financial condition. Accordingly, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Neither Zipcar nor any other person can assume responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of forward looking statements. There are various important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in any such forward-looking statements, many of which are beyond Zipcar’s control. These factors include (without limitation): failure to satisfy any condition to closing of the Merger and that, in such case, Zipcar’s business will have been adversely affected during the pendency of the Merger; failure to consummate or delay in consummating the transaction for other reasons; changes in laws or regulations; and changes in general economic conditions. Zipcar undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For additional information, please refer to Zipcar’s most recent Form 10–K, 10–Q and 8–K reports filed with the SEC. Additional Information about the Proposed Transaction and Where You Can Find It Zipcar will file with the SEC preliminary and definitive proxy statements and other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Zipcar by Avis. The definitive proxy statement will be mailed to Zipcar stockholders. Before making any voting or investment decisions with respect to the transaction, investors and security holders of Zipcar are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available because they will contain important information about the transaction and Zipcar. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of these documents (when they are available) and other documents filed with the SEC at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the documents filed with the SEC by accessing Zipcar’s website at www.zipcar.com by clicking on the “Investor Relations” link, then clicking on the “Financial Information” link, and then clicking on the “SEC Filings” link, or by writing to Zipcar at 25 First Street, 4 th Floor, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02141. Information Regarding Participants Zipcar and its directors, executive officers and certain other members of management and employees may solicit proxies from Zipcar stockholders in favor of the Merger. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered participants in the solicitation of the Zipcar stockholders in connection with the proposed Merger will be set forth in the proxy statement when it is filed with the SEC. You can find information about Zipcar’s executive officers and directors in its definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 12, 2012. You can obtain a free copy of this document at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or by accessing the Zipcar website and clicking on the “Investor Relations” link, then clicking on the “Financial Information” link, and then clicking on the “SEC Filings” link. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. ZIPCAR, INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ Dean J. Breda Dean J. Breda General Counsel and Secretary Date: January 2, 2013 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 31, 2012, by and among Avis Budget Group, Inc., Millennium Acquisition Sub, Inc. and Zipcar, Inc.* 2.2 Form of Voting Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2012, by and between Avis Budget Group, Inc. and the directors, executive officers and certain stockholders of Zipcar, Inc. 99.1 Press Release of Zipcar, Inc., dated as of January 2, 2013, announcing entry into the Merger Agreement. 99.2 Communication of Zipcar, Inc. to its employees, dated January 2, 2013, announcing entry into the Merger Agreement. 99.3 Communication of Zipcar, Inc. on Twitter relating to the Merger Agreement. 99.4 Communication of Zipcar, Inc. to its members, dated January 2, 2013, announcing entry into the Merger Agreement. * Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Zipcar agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC a copy of any omitted schedule upon request.

===== EX-99.1 d460221dex991.htm PRESS RELEASE =====
Press Release Exhibit 99.1 AVIS BUDGET GROUP TO ACQUIRE ZIPCAR FOR $12.25 PER SHARE IN CASH • Combined company will be the global leader in car sharing and mobility solutions. • Combination expected to produce $50-70 million in annual synergies. • Transaction targeted to close in spring 2013. • Avis Budget re-affirms its prior estimates of full-year 2012 results. PARSIPPANY, N.J. and CAMBRIDGE, Mass., January 2, 2013 - Avis Budget Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: CAR) and Zipcar, Inc. (NASDAQ: ZIP), the world’s leading car sharing network, today announced that Avis Budget Group has agreed to acquire Zipcar for $12.25 per share in cash, a 49% premium over the closing price on December 31, 2012, representing a total transaction value of approximately $500 million. The transaction is subject to approval by Zipcar shareholders and other customary closing conditions, and is expected to be completed in the spring of 2013. The Boards of Directors of both companies unanimously approved the transaction, and Zipcar shareholders representing approximately 32% of the outstanding common stock have agreed to vote their shares in support of the transaction. Car sharing has grown to be a nearly $400 million business in the United States and is expanding rapidly in major cities around the world. Zipcar has led this industry, leading in innovation and world-class service. Zipcar now has more than 760,000 members, known as Zipsters, with a market-leading presence in 20 major metropolitan areas in the United States, Canada and Europe, and fleet positioned at over 300 college and university campuses. Zipcar has combined leading-edge technology, an outstanding customer experience, and clear brand messaging to develop strong loyalty and advocacy among its customers. “By combining with Zipcar, we will significantly increase our growth potential, both in the United States and internationally, and will position our Company to better serve a greater variety of consumer and commercial transportation needs,” said Ronald L. Nelson, Avis Budget Group chairman and chief executive officer. “We see car sharing as highly complementary to traditional car rental, with rapid growth potential and representing a scalable opportunity for us as a combined company. We expect to apply Avis Budget’s experience and efficiencies of fleet management with Zipcar’s proven, customer-friendly technology to accelerate the growth of the Zipcar brand and to provide more options for Zipsters in more places. We also expect to leverage Zipcar’s technology to expand mobility solutions under the Avis and Budget brands.” Avis Budget expects to generate $50 to $70 million in annual synergies as a result of the transaction. In particular, Avis Budget expects significant cost reductions across the fleet life cycle (from procurement to operations and maintenance to disposition, as well as financing), in addition to savings from eliminating Zipcar’s public-company costs. Avis Budget also plans to achieve substantial cost savings by increasing fleet utilization across the two companies. Significant revenue growth opportunities exist, including by leveraging Avis Budget’s fleet to meet more of Zipsters’ weekend demand, which is currently constrained by fleet availability. These synergies, combined with the expected growth and rising profitability of Zipcar, are expected to make the transaction accretive to Avis Budget’s earnings per share in the second year following the acquisition, excluding certain items and purchase-accounting effects. “We are delighted to announce our intention to join the Avis Budget Group family of companies, and we believe this combination is a win across the board for our members, shareholders and employees. We will be well positioned to accelerate enhancements to the Zipcar member experience with more offers and additional services as well as an expanded network of locations,” said Scott Griffith, chairman and chief executive officer of Zipcar. “As the leading global provider of car sharing services, with a brand that is synonymous with the category, we remain committed to the values and vision that have driven us forward for many years, grounded by our passion for delivering a superior experience to every member for every trip, every day. By combining Zipcar’s expertise in on-demand mobility with Avis Budget Group’s expertise in global fleet operations and vast global network, we will be able to accelerate the revolution we began in personal mobility.” “Avis Budget’s existing infrastructure, scale and experience with managing multiple brands make us uniquely positioned to accelerate the growth and profitability of Zipcar,” Mr. Nelson added. “At the same time, we are committed to retaining the elements of the Zipcar brand and culture that have allowed Zipcar to achieve such rapid growth and success over the last twelve years.” Following the acquisition, Zipcar will operate as a subsidiary of Avis Budget Group and will continue with its planned move to new headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts. Avis Budget anticipates that key members of the Zipcar management team, including Mr. Griffith and Mark Norman, president and chief operating officer, will continue to set the overall direction and run day-to-day operations of Zipcar. Avis Budget Group expects to fund the purchase price primarily with incremental corporate debt borrowings, as well as available cash. As of September 30, 2012, Avis Budget Group had cash and marketable securities of approximately $554 million, and Zipcar had cash and marketable securities of approximately $82 million, or approximately $2 per Zipcar share. Citigroup is acting as financial advisor, and Kirkland & Ellis LLP is acting as legal counsel, to Avis Budget Group. Morgan Stanley is acting as financial advisor, and Latham & Watkins LLP is acting as legal counsel, to Zipcar. Separately, Avis Budget Group today reiterated its previous estimates of its full-year 2012 results. Avis Budget continues to expect that its full-year 2012 revenue will be approximately $7.3 billion, a 24% increase compared to 2011, and that its 2012 Adjusted EBITDA will be approximately $825 million to $840 million, excluding certain items, an increase of 35% to 38% 2 compared to the prior year. Avis Budget also continues to expect that its 2012 pretax income will be $450 million to $465 million and that its diluted earnings per share will be approximately $2.35 to $2.45, excluding certain items. Investor Conference Call Avis Budget Group and Zipcar will host a conference call to discuss the transaction on January 2, 2013, at 9:00 a.m. (ET). Investors may access the call live at ir.avisbudgetgroup.com or ir.zipcar.com or by dialing 415-228-4734 and providing the access code “Avis Budget.” Investors are encouraged to dial in approximately 10 minutes prior to the call. A web replay will be available at ir.avisbudgetgroup.com and at ir.zipcar.com following the call. A telephone replay will be available from 12:00 noon (ET) on January 2 until 8:00 p.m. (ET) on January 16 at 203-369-1604, access code: “Avis Budget.” About Avis Budget Group, Inc. Avis Budget Group, Inc. is a leading global provider of vehicle rental services through its Avis and Budget brands, with 10,000 rental locations in approximately 175 countries around the world. Avis Budget Group operates most of its car rental offices in North America, Europe and Australia directly, and operates primarily through licensees in other parts of the world. Avis Budget Group has approximately 29,000 employees and is headquartered in Parsippany, N.J. More information is available at www.avisbudgetgroup.com. About Zipcar, Inc. Zipcar is the world’s leading car sharing network, with more than 760,000 members and over 10,000 vehicles in urban areas and college campuses throughout the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Spain and Austria. Zipcar offers more than 30 makes and models of self-service vehicles by the hour or day to residents and businesses looking for an alternative to the high costs and hassles of owning a car. More information is available at www.zipcar.com. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Avis Budget Group or Zipcar to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words “believes”, “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, “projects”, “estimates”, “plans”, “may increase”, “forecast” and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as “will”, “should”, “would”, “may” and “could” are based upon then current assumptions and expectations and are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. Any statements that refer to outlook, expectations or other characterizations of future events, circumstances or results, including all statements related to future results, future fleet costs, acquisition synergies and cost-saving initiatives are also forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that the proposed acquisition of Zipcar will occur as currently contemplated, or at all, or that the expected benefits from the transaction will be realized on the timetable currently contemplated, or at all. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the proposed acquisition of Zipcar include, but are not limited to, uncertainties 3 as to the satisfaction of closing conditions to the acquisition, including timing and receipt of regulatory approvals, timing and receipt of approval by the shareholders of Zipcar, the respective parties’ performance of their obligations under the merger agreement relating to the acquisition, the status of capital markets, including availability and cost of capital, and other factors affecting the execution of the transaction. Other risks that could cause future results to differ from those expressed by the forward-looking statements included in this press release include, but are not limited to, Avis Budget’s ability to promptly and effectively integrate the businesses of Avis Europe and Avis Budget, Avis Budget’s ability to promptly and effectively integrate the businesses of Zipcar and Avis Budget (if and when the acquisition of Zipcar is completed), any change in economic conditions generally, particularly during Avis Budget’s or Zipcar’s peak season or in key market segments, the high level of competition in the vehicle rental industry, a change in fleet costs as a result of a change in the cost for new vehicles and/or the value of used vehicles, disruption in the supply of new vehicles, disposition of vehicles not covered by manufacturer repurchase programs, the financial condition of the manufacturers that supply Avis Budget’s and Zipcar’s rental vehicles which could impact their ability to perform their obligations under repurchase and/or guaranteed depreciation arrangements, any reduction in travel demand, including any reduction in airline passenger traffic, any occurrence or threat of terrorism, a significant increase in interest rates or borrowing costs, Avis Budget’s and Zipcar’s ability to obtain financing for their operations, including the funding of their vehicle fleets via the asset-backed securities market, any changes to the cost or supply of fuel, any fluctuations related to the mark-to-market of derivatives which hedge exposure to exchange rates, interest rates and fuel costs, Avis Budget’s and Zipcar’s ability to meet the financial and other covenants contained in the agreements governing their indebtedness, risks associated with litigation, regulation or governmental or regulatory inquiries or investigations involving Avis Budget or Zipcar, and Avis Budget’s and Zipcar’s ability to accurately estimate their future results and implement their strategies for cost savings and growth. A further list and description of important assumptions and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are specified in Avis Budget’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and Zipcar’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, included under headings such as “Forward-Looking Statements”, “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, Avis Budget’s and Zipcar’s most recently filed Form 10-Q, and in other filings and furnishings made by Avis Budget and Zipcar with the SEC from time to time. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could also have material adverse effects on Avis Budget’s or Zipcar’s performance or achievements. In light of these risks, uncertainties, assumptions and factors, the forward-looking events discussed in this press release may not occur. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date stated, or if no date is stated, as of the date of this press release. Avis Budget and Zipcar undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events unless required by law. 4 Non-GAAP Measures This press release includes certain financial measures such as Adjusted EBITDA, pretax income and diluted earnings per share, which exclude certain items under each measure and are not considered generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) measures as defined under SEC rules. For Avis Budget, Adjusted EBITDA represents income (loss) before non-vehicle related depreciation and amortization, any impairment charge, transaction-related costs, non-vehicle related interest and income taxes. Adjusted EBITDA excluding certain items represents Adjusted EBTIDA excluding restructuring-related expenses, costs related to early extinguishment of debt and other certain items as such items are not representative of the results of operations of our business. Avis Budget believes that these non-GAAP measures are useful in measuring the comparable results of Avis Budget period-over-period. The GAAP measures most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA, pretax income and diluted earnings per share, excluding certain items under each measure, are net income, pretax income and diluted earnings per share. Because of the forward-looking nature of Avis Budget’s forecasted non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA, pretax income and diluted earnings per share, excluding certain items, specific quantifications of the amounts that would be required to reconcile forecasted net income, pretax income and diluted earnings per share are not available. Avis Budget believes that there is a degree of volatility with respect to certain of Avis Budget’s GAAP measures which preclude it from providing accurate forecasted GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. Based on the above, Avis Budget believes that providing estimates of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the range of the non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA, pretax income and diluted earnings per share, excluding certain items, to forecasted net income, pretax income, and diluted earnings per share would imply a degree of precision that would be confusing or misleading to investors for the reasons identified above. Additional Information In connection with the meeting of Zipcar shareholders to be held with respect to the proposed merger, Zipcar will file a proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission. INVESTORS AND SECURITYHOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING OR INVESTMENT DECISION WITH RESPECT TO THE PROPOSED MERGER BECAUSE IT WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain a free copy of the proxy statement (when available) and other relevant documents filed by Zipcar with the SEC from the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov and from Zipcar by directing a request to Zipcar, Inc., 25 First Street, 4th Floor, Cambridge, MA 02141, Attention: Investor Relations. Zipcar and its directors, executive officers and certain other employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Zipcar shareholders in connection with the proposed merger. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of Zipcar directors and executive officers by reading Zipcar’s proxy statement for its 2012 annual meeting of shareholders, which was filed with the SEC on April 12, 2012. Additional information regarding potential participants in such proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be included in the proxy statement and other relevant materials filed by Zipcar with the SEC in connection with the proposed merger when they become available. 5 Contacts Avis Budget Group Media Contact: Avis Budget Group Investor Contact: John Barrows Neal Goldner 973-496-7865 973-496-5086 PR@avisbudget.com IR@avisbudget.com Zipcar Media Contact: Zipcar Investor Contacts: Karen Drake Jamie Moser / Nick Lamplough 617-336-4323 Joele Frank, Wilkinson Brimmer Katcher PR@zipcar.com 212-355-4449 jmoser@joelefrank.com nlamplough@joelefrank.com Jonathan Schaffer The Blueshirt Group 212-871-3953 IR@zipcar.com # # # 6

===== EX-99.2 d460221dex992.htm COMMUNICATION OF ZIPCAR, INC. TO EMPLOYEES =====
Communication of Zipcar, Inc. to Employees Exhibit 99.2 Subject: Accelerating the revolution! To: all employees I am writing to share some very exciting news about our company. Today, we are announcing that Zipcar has entered into an agreement to be acquired by the leading global car rental operator, Avis Budget Group (ABG). Both boards have approved the deal; however, it is still subject to approval by our shareholders and regulators as required. Our best estimate is that the transaction will close in the spring of 2013. We will be holding a webcast town meeting today, January 2 nd at 11 am EST, where we will elaborate on this announcement and do our best to address your initial questions. We kindly ask you to submit any questions you have in advance - please send them to dealquestions@zipcar.com. Though it came together very recently, this transaction is a game-changing validation of the global potential of the car sharing category, and a huge win for Zipcar. We believe the combination of Zipcar and ABG will accelerate our ability to expand our category-leading, next generation, on-demand mobility solution to consumers and businesses and that Zipcar will be even better positioned to deliver on our mission of enabling simple, efficient and responsible transportation solutions on a global scale. For our members, I believe strongly that our service will improve as a result of this transaction. We expect to be able to offer more vehicles to more members in more parts of the world, to meet members’ requests for continued innovation in the user experience, offer new flexible and easy access membership plans, and better meet the needs for vehicle availability during periods of peak demand. For our employees, I believe that our best days are ahead. Zipcar will continue to operate as an innovative stand-alone operation with a global headquarters in Boston. Our new partner understands and fully supports the importance of our values and culture as well as our brand, our technology and our commitment to deliver the market-leading user experience. With the backing of ABG, their commitment to helping us grow and lead the category, and their global footprint and shared passion for generating promoters, there will be significant opportunity, in some cases more opportunity, for personal and professional growth. While we can expect some changes as a result of coming together with ABG, there are some things that won’t change, most importantly our ambitious goal to revolutionize personal mobility across the globe. This transaction is already generating interest from the media and other third parties, and it is important for Zipcar to continue to speak with one voice. If you receive any inquiries or questions from the media or others outside of Zipcar, please refer them to Karen Drake at 617-336-4323 or kdrake@zipcar.com. I truly believe that by combining Zipcar’s expertise in on-demand mobility with Avis Budget Group’s expertise in global fleet operations and vast global network, we will be able to accelerate the revolution we began in personal mobility. Buckle your seatbelt! All my best, Scott Forward Looking Statements Information set forth in this communication contains forward-looking statements that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The statements contained in this communication that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including, without limitation, statements regarding the expected benefits and closing of the proposed transaction and management’s expectations, beliefs and intentions. All forward-looking statements included in this communication are based on information available to Zipcar on the date hereof. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “can,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “targets,” “goals,” “projects,” “outlook,” “continue,” “preliminary,” “guidance,” or variations of such words, similar expressions, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. No assurance can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on Zipcar’s results of operations or financial condition. Accordingly, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Neither Zipcar nor any other person can assume responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of forward looking statements. There are various important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in any such forward-looking statements, many of which are beyond Zipcar’s control. These factors include (without limitation): failure to satisfy any condition to closing of the transaction and that, in such case, Zipcar’s business will have been adversely affected during the pendency of the transaction; failure to consummate or delay in consummating the transaction for other reasons; changes in laws or regulations; and changes in general economic conditions. Zipcar undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For additional information, please refer to Zipcar’s most recent Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports filed with the SEC. Additional Information about the Proposed Transaction and Where You Can Find It Zipcar will file with the SEC preliminary and definitive proxy statements and other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Zipcar by Avis. The definitive proxy statement will be mailed to Zipcar stockholders. Before making any voting or investment decisions with respect to the transaction, investors and security holders of Zipcar are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available because they will contain important information about the transaction and Zipcar. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of these documents (when they are available) and other documents filed with the SEC at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the documents filed with the SEC by accessing Zipcar’s website at www.zipcar.com by clicking on the “Investor Relations” link, then clicking on the “Financial Information” link, and then clicking on the “SEC Filings” link, or by writing to Zipcar at 25 First Street, 4 th Floor, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02141. Information Regarding Participants Zipcar and its directors, executive officers and certain other members of management and employees may solicit proxies from Zipcar stockholders in favor of the transaction. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered participants in the solicitation of the Zipcar stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction will be set forth in the proxy statement when it is filed with the SEC. You can find information about Zipcar’s executive officers and directors in its definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 12, 2012. You can obtain a free copy of this document at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or by accessing the Zipcar website and clicking on the “Investor Relations” link, then clicking on the “Financial Information” link, and then clicking on the “SEC Filings” link.

===== EX-99.3 d460221dex993.htm COMMUNICATION OF ZIPCAR, INC. ON TWITTER =====
Communication of Zipcar, Inc. on Twitter Exhibit 99.3 “Zipcar to combine with Avis Budget to accelerate mission of ‘Wheels when you want them’ <LINK TO RELEASE / LINK TO CUSTOMER LETTER>” - FROM CORPORATE/LOCAL HANDLES “Great news for Zipsters! <LINK TO RELEASE / LINK TO CUSTOMER LETTER>” - FROM CORPORATE/LOCAL HANDLES “Zipcar plans to continue the revolution in mobility as part of Avis Budget Group” < LINK TO RELEASE > - FROM SCOTT GRIFFITH’S HANDLE

===== EX-99.4 d460221dex994.htm COMMUNICATION OF ZIPCAR, INC. TO MEMBERS =====
Communication of Zipcar, Inc. to Members Exhibit 99.4 Member Email Communication Subject: Big news from Zipcar! Dear <first name>, Zipcar is ringing in the year with a bang! We’re thrilled to announce that we’ve entered into an agreement to be acquired by Avis Budget Group. We’ll skip the legal mumbo-jumbo and get right to the point, since we assume that what you really want to know is what this means for you . Simply put, this is a major win for Zipsters around the world. With the global footprint, backing, and talented leadership of Avis, we’re going to step on the gas. We believe that you’ll see more Zipcars in more locations (especially during times of peak demand!); that you’ll see new service offerings that make Zipcar more flexible and fun for you; and that you’ll continue to experience the most advanced and sophisticated technology to keep you Zipping along your merry way. Some things won’t change at all – from the Zipcar team in your local office to the great brand, to our relentless enthusiasm for making the user experience the best it can be. You can read more about the news in the press release <link> but we wanted to tell you personally (ok, it’s an email, but close enough) and let you know how excited we are to make a good thing even better! Scott Griffith Chairman and CEO Forward Looking Statements Information set forth in this communication contains forward-looking statements that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The statements contained in this communication that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including, without limitation, statements regarding the expected benefits and closing of the proposed transaction and management’s expectations, beliefs and intentions. All forward-looking statements included in this communication are based on information available to Zipcar on the date hereof. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “can,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “targets,” “goals,” “projects,” “outlook,” “continue,” “preliminary,” “guidance,” or variations of such words, similar expressions, or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. No assurance can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on Zipcar’s results of operations or financial condition. Accordingly, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Neither Zipcar nor any other person can assume responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of forward looking statements. There are various important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in any such forward-looking statements, many of which are beyond Zipcar’s control. These factors include (without limitation): failure to satisfy any condition to closing of the transaction and that, in such case, Zipcar’s business will have been adversely affected during the pendency of the transaction; failure to consummate or delay in consummating the transaction for other reasons; changes in laws or regulations; and changes in general economic conditions. Zipcar undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. For additional information, please refer to Zipcar’s most recent Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K reports filed with the SEC. Additional Information about the Proposed Transaction and Where You Can Find It Zipcar will file with the SEC preliminary and definitive proxy statements and other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Zipcar by Avis. The definitive proxy statement will be mailed to Zipcar stockholders. Before making any voting or investment decisions with respect to the transaction, investors and security holders of Zipcar are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available because they will contain important information about the transaction and Zipcar. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of these documents (when they are available) and other documents filed with the SEC at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the documents filed with the SEC by accessing Zipcar’s website at www.zipcar.com by clicking on the “Investor Relations” link, then clicking on the “Financial Information” link, and then clicking on the “SEC Filings” link, or by writing to Zipcar at 25 First Street, 4 th Floor, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02141. Information Regarding Participants Zipcar and its directors, executive officers and certain other members of management and employees may solicit proxies from Zipcar stockholders in favor of the transaction. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered participants in the solicitation of the Zipcar stockholders in connection with the proposed transaction will be set forth in the proxy statement when it is filed with the SEC. You can find information about Zipcar’s executive officers and directors in its definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 12, 2012. You can obtain a free copy of this document at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or by accessing the Zipcar website and clicking on the “Investor Relations” link, then clicking on the “Financial Information” link, and then clicking on the “SEC Filings” link.
