ACCESSION 0001193125-13-020892  FORM 8-K  FILED 20130123  ACCEPTED 20130123173155 ET  COMPANY SPIRIT REALTY CAPITAL, INC.  ITEMS ['Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement', 'Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K d471593d8k.htm FORM 8-K =====
Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 22, 2013 Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Maryland 001-32386 20-0175773 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 16767 North Perimeter Drive, Suite 210, Scottsdale, Arizona 85260 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (480) 606-0820 N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2.): x Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement Merger Agreement On January 22, 2013, Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the “Company”), Spirit Realty, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the “Spirit Partnership”), Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., a Maryland corporation (“Cole”) and Cole Operating Partnership II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the “Cole Partnership”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”). The Merger Agreement provides for the merger of the Company with and into Cole (the “Company Merger”) with Cole continuing as the surviving corporation (the “Surviving Corporation”) and the merger of the Cole Partnership with and into the Spirit Partnership (the “Partnership Merger” and together with the Company Merger, the “Mergers”) with the Spirit Partnership continuing as the surviving limited partnership (the “Surviving Partnership”). The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Company Merger (the “Company Merger Effective Time”), each outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (“Company Common Stock”) will be converted into the right to receive 1.9048 (the “Exchange Ratio”) shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation (“Surviving Corporation Common Stock”). At and after the Company Merger Effective Time, each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Cole (“Cole Common Stock”) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Company Merger Effective Time shall remain outstanding. At the effective time of the Partnership Merger, (i) each outstanding partnership unit in the Cole Partnership (other than partnership units held by Cole, which shall cease to exist) shall automatically be converted into one validly issued share of Surviving Corporation Common Stock; (ii) each outstanding partnership unit in the Spirit Partnership shall remain outstanding; and (iii) the general partner interest of the Spirit Partnership shall constitute the only general partner interests in the Surviving Partnership. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Company Merger Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall assume the Company’s 2012 Incentive Award Plan (the “Plan”) and the number and kind of shares available for issuance under the Plan shall be converted into shares of Surviving Corporation Common Stock, after giving effect to the Exchange Ratio, in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. Similarly, all outstanding shares of Company Common Stock that are subject to vesting and other restrictions will convert into restricted shares of Surviving Corporation Common Stock, after giving effect to the Exchange Ratio, with the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such shares of Company Common Stock immediately prior to the Company Merger Effective Time. The completion of the Company Merger is subject to customary conditions, including, among others: (i) approval by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock; (ii) approval by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Cole Common Stock; (iii) the authorization of the listing on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) of the Surviving Corporation Common Stock, including the Surviving Corporation Common Stock to be issued in connection with the Mergers; (iv) the registration statement on Form S-4 registering the applicable Surviving Corporation Common Stock to be issued as consideration for the Mergers having been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”); and (v) the obtaining of certain third party consents. At the Company Merger Effective Time, the size of the board of directors of the Surviving Corporation will be set at nine, and all of the directors of the Company immediately prior to the consummation of the Company Merger and up to two individuals designated by Cole and reasonably satisfactory to the Company, will comprise the board of directors of the Surviving Corporation. In addition, at the Company Merger Effective Time, the charter and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation will be amended and restated to be substantially identical to the charter and bylaws of the Company, as in effect immediately prior to the Company Merger Effective Time. The name of the Surviving Corporation shall be “Spirit Realty Capital, Inc.” The Company and Cole have made certain customary representations, warranties and covenants in the Merger Agreement. Each of the Company and Cole is required, among other things: (i) subject to certain exceptions, to conduct its business in the ordinary course consistent with past practice during the interim period between the execution of the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the Mergers; and (ii) not to solicit alternative transactions, and, subject to certain exceptions, not to enter into discussions concerning, or provide confidential information in connection with, any alternative transaction. Each party has also agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Mergers to be consummated. In addition, subject to certain exceptions, the Merger Agreement requires each party to call and hold a special meeting of its stockholders and for the respective board of directors of each party to recommend that its stockholders approve the Company Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both the Company and Cole, including, among other bases for termination, if the Company Merger is not consummated on or before July 22, 2013 (subject to a two month extension under certain circumstances) and if the requisite approvals of either the stockholders of the Company or Cole are not obtained. In addition, either party may choose to terminate the Merger Agreement under certain circumstances, including among others, if: (i) prior to its stockholder vote, the party receives a Superior Proposal, as defined in the Merger Agreement, and after providing the other party with adequate notice and paying the termination fee (as described below), the party enters into a definitive agreement in connection with such Superior Proposal; or (ii) the party’s board of directors changes its recommendation to its stockholders to vote in favor of the Company Merger as a result of an Intervening Event, as defined in the Merger Agreement, and contemporaneously such party pays the other party the termination fee. If no alternative acquisition proposal has been publicly announced prior to a party’s meeting of its stockholders and such party fails to obtain the approval of its stockholders, such party may be required to reimburse the other party’s transaction expenses (as described below). The Merger Agreement provides that, in connection with the termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, one party may be required to pay to the other a termination fee of $55,000,000 and/or reimburse the other party’s transaction expenses up to an amount equal to $10,000,000. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement has been attached to provide investors with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company or Cole. In particular, the assertions embodied in the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement were made as of a specified date, are modified or qualified by information in confidential disclosure letters provided by each party to the other in connection with the signing of the Merger Agreement, may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from what might be viewed as material to stockholders, or may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties. Accordingly, the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement are not necessarily characterizations of the actual state of facts about the Company or Cole at the time they were made or otherwise and should only be read in conjunction with the other information that the Company makes publicly available in reports, statements and other documents filed with the SEC. Voting Agreements Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Macquarie Group (US) Holdings No. 1 Pty Ltd. (“Macquarie”), TPG-Axon Partners, LP (“TPG-AXON Partners”) and TPG-Axon Spirit Holdings Ltd. (“TPG-AXON Spirit”) have each entered into a voting agreement with Cole and the Cole Partnership (each, a “Voting Agreement” and together, the “Voting Agreements”) pursuant to which each of Macquarie, TPG-AXON Partners and TPG-AXON Spirit, who together own approximately 15% of the currently outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, has agreed to vote its shares of Company Common Stock in favor of the Company Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in such agreements. Each Voting Agreement terminates upon the earliest of: (i) the termination of the Merger Agreement; (ii) a change in recommendation by the board of directors of either the Company or Cole; (iii) the acquisition of any shares of Company Common Stock by Cole or the Cole Partnership prior to the completion of the Mergers; and (iv) September 25, 2013. A copy of the Macquarie Voting Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the TPG-AXON Partners Voting Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the TPG-AXON Spirit Voting Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.3 and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Voting Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such Voting Agreements. Advisory and Property Management Matters Agreement In connection with the Mergers, on January 22, 2013, Cole and Cole Partnership entered into an Advisory and Property Management Matters Agreement with Cole REIT Advisors II, LLC (the “Advisor”), Cole Realty Advisors, Inc. (f/k/a Fund Realty Advisors, Inc.) (the “Property Manager” and together with the Advisor, the “Advisor Parties”). The Company is a signatory to the agreement as an express third party beneficiary. The agreement provides, among other things, that the Advisor Parties’ current agreements with Cole and Cole Partnership will terminate upon closing of the Company Merger. The Advisor Parties will continue to be paid the asset management, property management and other fees payable pursuant to the current agreements, as applicable, for services rendered between the date of the Merger Agreement and the closing of the Mergers, but agree to waive any fees due upon the termination of their current agreements, including (i) any fees due upon listing of the Surviving Corporation Common Stock on the NYSE; (ii) any performance fees due upon the consummation of the Mergers; and (iii) any other fees that would be payable under the current agreements with respect to the Mergers (including any equity or debt financing transaction that occurs in connection with the consummation of the Mergers) and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. A copy of the Advisory and Property Management Matters Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.4 and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Advisory and Property Management Matters Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Advisory and Property Management Matters Agreement. First Amendment to Change of Control Severance Plan On January 22, 2013, the Company executed a First Amendment (“First Amendment”) to the Change of Control Severance Plan for Certain Covered Participants of Spirit Finance Corporation (the “Severance Plan”). The Severance Plan was amended to provide that the Merger Agreement, the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement will not constitute a “change of control” as defined in, and for purposes of, the Severance Plan. A copy of the First Amendment is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the First Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the First Amendment. Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. In connection with the Mergers, Thomas H. Nolan, Jr., Chief Executive Officer, Peter M. Mavoides, President and Chief Operating Officer, Michael A. Bender, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Mark Manheimer, Senior Vice President – Head of Asset Management and Gregg A. Seibert, Senior Vice President (collectively, the “Executives”) each entered into waiver agreements, dated January 22, 2013 (each, a “Waiver” and together, the “Waivers”), which provide that (i) the Mergers will not constitute a “change in control” for purposes of the Executive’s employment agreement and related restricted stock agreement(s) and (ii) any change in position that occurs in connection with the Mergers will not constitute “good reason” or a termination without “cause” (each, as defined in the Executive’s applicable employment agreement) for purposes of the Executive’s employment agreement and related restricted stock agreement(s). In addition, under the Waivers executed by Messrs. Nolan, Mavoides and Bender, each waived his entitlement to a tax gross-up payment under Internal Revenue Code Section 280G as a result of any payments made to the individual in connection with the Mergers. A copy of the Waivers for each of Messrs. Nolan, Mavoides, Bender, Manheimer and Seibert are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, 10.5 and 10.6, respectively, and each is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the Waivers does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Waivers. The disclosures contained under Item 1.01 under the heading “First Amendment to Change of Control Severance Plan” are incorporated herein by reference. Additional Information about the Proposed Transaction and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed transaction, Cole expects to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 that will include a joint proxy statement of Cole and the Company that also constitutes a prospectus of the Company. Cole and the Company also plan to file other relevant documents with the SEC regarding the proposed transaction. INVESTORS ARE URGED TO READ THE JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC IF AND WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. You may obtain a free copy of the joint proxy statement/prospectus (if and when it becomes available) and other relevant documents filed by the Company and Cole with the SEC at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . Copies of the documents filed by the Company with the SEC will be available free of charge on the Company’s website at www.spiritrealty.com or by directing a written request to Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., 16767 North Perimeter Drive, Suite 210, Scottsdale, Arizona 85260, Attention: Investor Relations. Copies of the documents filed by Cole with the SEC will be available free of charge by directing a written request to Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., 2325 East Camelback Road, Suite 1100, Phoenix, Arizona, 85016, Attention: Investor Relations. The Company and Cole and their respective directors and executive officers and other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the proposed transaction. You can find information about the Company’s executive officers and directors in the Company’s final prospectus filed with the SEC on September 21, 2012. You can find information about Cole’s executive officers and directors in Cole’s definitive proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 13, 2012. Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants will be included in the joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents filed with the SEC if and when they become available. You may obtain free copies of these documents from the Company or Cole using the sources indicated above. This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Forward Looking Statements In addition to historical information, this Current Report on Form 8-K (including information included or incorporated by reference herein) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements, which are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the industry and markets in which the Company and Cole operate and beliefs of and assumptions made by the Company management and Cole management, involve risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect the financial results of the Company or Cole or the combined company. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “projects,” “seeks,” “estimates,” variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, which generally are not historical in nature. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the benefits of the business combination transaction involving the Company and Cole, including future financial and operating results, the combined company’s plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. All statements that address operating performance, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future — including statements relating to rent and occupancy growth, changes in sales or contribution volume of developed properties, general conditions in the geographic areas where we operate and the availability of capital — are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Although we believe the expectations reflected in any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, we can give no assurance that our expectations will be attained and therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that may affect outcomes and results include, but are not limited to: (i) national, international, regional and local economic climates, (ii) changes in financial markets, interest rates, credit spreads, and foreign currency exchange rates, (iii) changes in the real estate markets, (iv) continued ability to source new investments, (v) increased or unanticipated competition for our properties, (vi) risks associated with acquisitions, (vii) maintenance of real estate investment trust status, (viii) availability of financing and capital, (ix) changes in demand for developed properties, (x) risks associated with achieving expected revenue synergies or cost savings, (xi) risks associated with the ability to consummate the merger and the timing of the closing of the merger, and (xii) those additional risks and factors discussed in reports filed with the SEC by the Company and Cole from time to time. Neither the Company nor Cole undertakes any duty to update and revise statements contained in these materials based on new information or otherwise. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., Spirit Realty, L.P., Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., and Cole Operating Partnership II, LP, dated as of January 22, 2013. 10.1 First Amendment to the Change of Control Severance Plan for Certain Covered Participants of Spirit Finance Corporation. 10.2 Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. and Thomas H. Nolan, Jr., dated January 22, 2013. 10.3 Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. and Peter M. Mavoides, dated January 22, 2013. 10.4 Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. and Michael A. Bender, dated January 22, 2013. 10.5 Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. and Mark Manheimer, dated January 22, 2013. 10.6 Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. and Gregg A. Seibert, dated January 22, 2013. 99.1 Voting Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., Cole Operating Partnership II, LP and Macquarie Group (US) Holdings No. 1 Pty Ltd., dated as of January 22, 2013. 99.2 Voting Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., Cole Operating Partnership II, LP and TPG-Axon Partners, LP, dated as of January 22, 2013. 99.3 Voting Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., Cole Operating Partnership II, LP and TPG-Axon Spirit Holdings Ltd., dated as of January 22, 2013. 99.4 Advisory and Property Management Matters Agreement among Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., Cole Operating Partnership II, LP, Cole REIT Advisors II, LLC, and Cole Realty Advisors, Inc., dated as of January 22, 2013. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. SPIRIT REALTY CAPITAL, INC. Date: January 23, 2013 By: /s/ Michael A. Bender Michael A. Bender Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Assistant Secretary and Treasurer EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., Spirit Realty, L.P., Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., and Cole Operating Partnership II, LP, dated as of January 22, 2013. 10.1 First Amendment to the Change of Control Severance Plan for Certain Covered Participants of Spirit Finance Corporation. 10.2 Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. and Thomas H. Nolan, Jr., dated January 22, 2013. 10.3 Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. and Peter M. Mavoides, dated January 22, 2013. 10.4 Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. and Michael A. Bender, dated January 22, 2013. 10.5 Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. and Mark Manheimer, dated January 22, 2013. 10.6 Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. and Gregg A. Seibert, dated January 22, 2013. 99.1 Voting Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., Cole Operating Partnership II, LP and Macquarie Group (US) Holdings No. 1 Pty Ltd., dated as of January 22, 2013. 99.2 Voting Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., Cole Operating Partnership II, LP and TPG-Axon Partners, LP, dated as of January 22, 2013. 99.3 Voting Agreement among Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., Cole Operating Partnership II, LP and TPG-Axon Spirit Holdings Ltd., dated as of January 22, 2013. 99.4 Advisory and Property Management Matters Agreement among Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., Cole Operating Partnership II, LP, Cole REIT Advisors II, LLC and Cole Realty Advisors, Inc., dated as of January 22, 2013.

===== EX-99.1 d471593dex991.htm VOTING AGREEMENT =====
Voting Agreement Exhibit 99.1 Execution Version VOTING AGREEMENT This Voting Agreement (this “ Agreement ”) is made and entered into as of January 22 2013, by and among Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., a Maryland corporation (“ Cole ”), Cole Operating Partnership II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“ Cole Operating Partnership ”, and together with Cole, the “ Cole Parties ”), and the undersigned stockholder (the “ Stockholder ”) of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation (“ Spirit ”). RECITALS A. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Spirit, Spirit Realty, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“ Spirit Operating Partnership ”), and the Cole Parties have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “ Merger Agreement ”) which provides for (i) the merger of Spirit with and into Cole with Cole being the surviving corporation (the “ Company Merger ”) and (ii) the merger of the Cole Operating Partnership with and into the Spirit Operating Partnership with the Spirit Operating Partnership being the surviving partnership. B. As a condition and inducement to Cole’s willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, Cole has required that Stockholder, and Stockholder has agreed, to enter into this Agreement with respect to all shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Spirit (“ Spirit Common Shares ”) that Stockholder owns beneficially or of record. C. The Stockholder is the owner, beneficially or of record, and has either sole or shared voting power of such number of Spirit Common Shares as is indicated on the signature page to this Agreement (the “ Spirit Shares ”). D. Cole desires the Stockholder to agree, and the Stockholder is willing to agree, not to Transfer (as defined below) any of the Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares (as defined below), and to vote the Spirit Shares and New Spirit Shares in a manner so as to facilitate consummation of the Company Merger as provided and subject to the limitations herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth below and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement. When used in this Agreement, the following terms in all of their tenses, cases and correlative forms shall have the meanings assigned to them in this Section 1 or elsewhere in this Agreement. “ Affiliate ” of a specified Person means a Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified Person. “ Permitted Transfer ” shall mean, in each case, so long as (i) such Transfer is in accordance with applicable Law and (ii) Stockholder is and at all times has been in compliance with this Agreement: any Transfer to an Affiliate, so long as such Affiliate, in connection with such Transfer, executes a joinder to this Agreement pursuant to which such Affiliate agrees to become a party to this Agreement and be subject to the restrictions applicable to the Stockholder and otherwise become a party for all purposes of this Agreement; provided , that no such Transfer shall relieve the transferring Stockholder from its obligations under this Agreement. “ Spirit Expiration Date ” shall mean the earliest to occur of (i) the Company Merger Effective Time, (ii) such date and time as the Merger Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Article 9 thereof, (iii) such date and time as there shall have occurred either a Change in Spirit Recommendation or a Change in Cole Recommendation, (iv) such date and time as either of the Cole Parties shall acquire ownership, beneficially or of record, of any Spirit Common Shares and (v) September 25, 2013. “ Transfer ” shall mean (i) any direct or indirect offer, sale, assignment, encumbrance, pledge, hypothecation, disposition, loan or other transfer (by operation of Law or otherwise), either voluntary or involuntary, or entry into any contract, option or other arrangement or understanding with respect to any offer, sale, assignment, encumbrance, pledge, hypothecation, disposition, loan or other transfer (by operation of Law or otherwise), of any capital stock (or any security convertible or exchangeable into capital stock) or interest in any capital stock or (ii) entering into any swap or any other agreement, transaction or series of transactions that hedges or transfers, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership of such capital stock or interest in capital stock, whether any such swap, agreement, transaction or series of transactions is to be settled by delivery of securities, in cash or otherwise; provided , that after June 16, 2013, any transactions described in this clause (ii) shall not constitute a Transfer so long as (a) such transactions do not require a filing under the Exchange Act or any other public disclosure of such transactions and (b) such transactions do not in any way limit the ability of a Stockholder to vote its Spirit Shares. 2. Agreement to Retain Shares . 2.1 Transfer and Encumbrance of Spirit Shares . Other than a Permitted Transfer, until the Spirit Expiration Date, Stockholder shall not (i) Transfer any of the Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares, or (ii) deposit any Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to such Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares or grant any proxy or power of attorney with respect thereto. 2.2 Additional Purchases . Stockholder agrees that any Spirit Common Shares or other capital shares of Spirit that Stockholder purchases or otherwise acquires or with respect to which Stockholder otherwise acquires sole or shared voting power after the execution of this Agreement and prior to the Spirit Expiration Date (the “ New Spirit Shares ”) shall be subject to 2 the terms and conditions of this Agreement to the same extent as if they constituted the Spirit Shares. 2.4 Unpermitted Transfers . Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any of the Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares in violation of this Section 2 shall, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, be null and void ab initio , and Spirit shall not, and shall instruct its transfer agent and other third parties not to, record or recognize any such purported Transfer on the share register of Spirit. 3. Agreement to Vote Spirit Shares . Hereafter until the Spirit Expiration Date, at every meeting of the stockholders of Spirit called with respect to any of the following matters (but only the following matters), and at every adjournment or postponement thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of the stockholders of Spirit with respect to any of the following matters (but only the following matters), Stockholder shall vote the Spirit Shares and any New Spirit Shares: (i) in favor of the Company Merger; and (ii) against (a) any Spirit Acquisition Proposal, (b) any action or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in any condition to the consummation of the Company Merger set forth in Article 8 of the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled on or before the Outside Date, and (c) any action which could reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, materially delay, materially postpone or materially adversely affect consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 4. Irrevocable Proxy . By execution of this Agreement, Stockholder does hereby appoint and constitute Cole, Marc E. Bromley, George N. Fugelsang and any one or more other individuals designated by Cole, and each of them individually, until the Spirit Expiration Date (at which time this proxy shall automatically be revoked), with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as Stockholder’s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and irrevocable proxies, to the fullest extent of Stockholder’s rights with respect to the Spirit Shares and any New Spirit Shares, to vote each of the Spirit Shares and New Spirit Shares solely with respect to the matters set forth in Section 3 hereof; provided , however , the foregoing shall only be effective if Stockholder fails to be counted as present, consent or vote Stockholder’s Spirit Shares and New Spirit Shares in accordance with Section 3 above. Stockholder intends this proxy to be irrevocable and coupled with an interest hereafter until the Spirit Expiration Date for all purposes, including without limitation, the provisions of Section 2-507(d) of the Maryland General Corporation Law, and hereby revokes any proxy previously granted by Stockholder with respect to the Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares. Stockholder hereby ratifies and confirms all actions that the proxies appointed hereunder may lawfully do or cause to be done in accordance with this Agreement. 5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Stockholder . Stockholder hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Cole Parties as follows: 5.1 Due Authority . Stockholder has the legal capacity and full power and authority to make, enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement and to grant the irrevocable proxy as set forth in Section 4 hereof. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Stockholder and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Stockholder enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except to the extent 3 enforceability may be limited by the effect of applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and the effect of general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at Law or in equity. 5.2 Ownership of Spirit Shares . Stockholder is the beneficial and record owner of the Spirit Common Shares indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, free and clear of any and all claims, liens, encumbrances and security interests whatsoever and has either sole or shared voting power over all of the Spirit Shares. Stockholder does not own, beneficially or of record, any securities of Spirit other than the Spirit Common Shares set forth on the signature page of this Agreement. Stockholder does not own, beneficially or of record, any rights to purchase or acquire any shares of capital stock of Spirit. 5.3 No Conflict; Consents . (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Stockholder do not, and the performance by Stockholder of the obligations under this Agreement and the compliance by Stockholder with any provisions hereof do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate Stockholder’s organizational or formation documents, (ii) conflict with or violate in any material respect any Laws applicable to Stockholder or the Spirit Shares, or (iii) result in any material breach of or constitute a material default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on any of the Spirit Shares pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which Stockholder is a party or by which Stockholder or the Spirit Shares are bound. (b) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person, is required by or with respect to Stockholder in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation by Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby. 5.4 Absence of Litigation . There is no Action pending against, or, to the knowledge of Stockholder, threatened against or affecting, Stockholder or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective properties or assets (including the Spirit Shares) at Law or in equity that could reasonably be expected to impair or adversely affect the ability of the Stockholder to perform the Stockholder’s obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis. 6. Further Assurances . From time to time, at the request of Cole and without further consideration, Stockholder shall take such further action as may reasonably be requested by Cole to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 7. Termination . This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force or effect on the Spirit Expiration Date. 4 8. Notice of Certain Events . Stockholder shall notify Cole immediately of (a) any fact, event or circumstance that would cause, or reasonably be expected to cause or constitute, a breach in any material respect of the representations and warranties of Stockholder under this Agreement and (b) the receipt by Stockholder of any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with this Agreement; provided , however , that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 8 shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available to any party. 9. Miscellaneous . 9.1 Severability . If any term or other provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible. 9.2 Binding Effect and Assignment . This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 9.3 Amendments and Modifications . This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or supplemented except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement executed by the parties hereto. 9.4 Specific Performance; Injunctive Relief . The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement was not performed in accordance with the terms hereof or was otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to specific relief hereunder, including, without limitation, an injunction or injunctions to prevent and enjoin breaches of the provisions of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, in any state or federal court in the State of Maryland, in addition to any other remedy to which they may be entitled at Law or in equity. Any requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with respect to any such remedy are hereby waived. 9.5 Notices . All notices, requests, claims, consents, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the parties or sent by facsimile or e-mail of a pdf attachment (providing confirmation of transmission) at the following addresses or facsimile numbers (or at such other address or facsimile number for a party as shall be specified by like notice): (a) if to the Cole Parties to: 5 c/o Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc. 2325 East Camelback Road, Suite 1100 Phoenix, Arizona, 85016 Attn: Kimberly J. Smith Fax: (480) 449-7019 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Goodwin Procter LLP Exchange Place Boston, MA Attn: Gilbert G. Menna, Esq. Suzanne D. Lecaroz, Esq. Fax: (617) 523-1231 (b) if to Stockholder: To the address for notice set forth on the last page hereof. or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective upon receipt. 9.6 Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Maryland without regard to its rules of conflict of laws. The parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Maryland and of the United States of America located in such state (the “ Maryland Courts ”) for any litigation arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (and agree not to commence any litigation relating thereto except in such courts), waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such litigation in the Maryland Courts and agree not to plead or claim in any Maryland Court that such litigation brought therein has been brought in any inconvenient forum. 9.7 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH OF THE COLE PARTIES AND STOCKHOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF COLE OR STOCKHOLDER IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT. 9.8 Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties in respect of the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior negotiations and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter. 6 9.9 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 9.10 Effect of Headings . The section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of interpretation of this Agreement. 9.11 No Agreement Until Executed . Irrespective of negotiations among the parties or the exchanging of drafts of this Agreement, this Agreement shall not constitute or be deemed to evidence a contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding between the parties hereto unless and until (i) the Merger Agreement is executed by all parties thereto, and (ii) this Agreement is executed by all parties hereto. 9.12 Legal Representation . This Agreement was negotiated by the parties with the benefit of legal representation and any rule of construction or interpretation otherwise requiring this Agreement to be construed or interpreted against any party shall not apply to any construction or interpretation thereof. 9.13 Confidentiality . Stockholder recognizes that successful consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement may be dependent upon confidentiality with respect to the matters referred to herein. In connection therewith, pending public disclosure thereof, Stockholder hereby agrees not to disclose or discuss such matters with anyone not a party to this Agreement (other than its Affiliates, counsel and advisors, if any) without the prior written consent of Cole, except for disclosures Stockholder’s counsel advises are necessary in order to fulfill any legal requirement, in which event Stockholder shall give notice of such disclosure to Cole as promptly as practicable so as to enable Cole to seek a protective order from a court of competent jurisdiction with respect thereto. 9.14 Expenses . All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such cost or expense, whether or not the Company Merger is consummated. 9.15 Action in Stockholder Capacity Only . The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is entered into by Stockholder solely in its capacity as the record and/or beneficial owner of Stockholder’s Spirit Shares and nothing in this Agreement shall restrict or limit in any respect any action taken by any Affiliate or representative of Stockholder in his capacity as a director of the Company. The taking of any action (or failure to act) by any Affiliate or representative of Stockholder in his capacity as an officer or director of the Company will in no way constitute a breach of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9.15 shall in any way modify, alter or amend any of the terms of the Merger Agreement. 9.16 Documentation and Information . Stockholder (i) consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by Spirit and Cole of Stockholder’s identity and holdings of the Spirit Shares, and the nature of Stockholder’s commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Agreement, in any press release or any other disclosure document required in connection with the Company Merger or any other transaction contemplated by the 7 Merger Agreement and (ii) agrees as promptly as practicable to give to Spirit and Cole any information reasonably related to the foregoing as either may reasonably require for the preparation of any such disclosure documents. As promptly as practicable, Stockholder shall notify Cole of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by such Stockholder specifically for use in any such disclosure document, if and to the extent such Stockholder becomes aware that any have become false or misleading in any material respect. 9.17 Cole Ownership and Acquisition of Spirit Shares . The Cole Parties represent and warrant to the Stockholder that as of the date hereof they do not beneficially own any Spirit Common Shares. [ Signature page follows ] 8 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed on the date and year first above written. COLE: COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST II, INC. By: /s/ Christopher H. Cole Name: Christopher H. Cole Title: Chief Executive Officer COLE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP: COLE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, LP By: /s/ Christopher H. Cole Name: Christopher H. Cole Title: Chief Executive Officer MACQUARIE GROUP (US) HOLDINGS NO. 1 PTY LTD. By: /s/ Michael Silverton Name: Michael Silverton Title: Authorized Signatory By: /s/ Charlie Baynes-Reid Name: Charlie Baynes-Reid Title: Authorized Signatory Stockholder’s Address for Notice : c/o Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. 125 W 55 th Street, New York, NY 10021 Shares : 6,568,255 Spirit Common Shares with sole voting power N/A Spirit Common Shares with shared voting power [Signature Page to Macquarie Group (US) Holdings No. 1 Pty Ltd. Voting Agreement] SOLELY FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 2.4 HEREOF: SPIRIT: SPIRIT REALTY CAPITAL, INC. By: /s/ Peter M. Mavoides Name: Peter M. Mavoides Title: President and COO [Signature Page to Macquarie Group (US) Holdings No. 1 Pty Ltd. Voting Agreement]

===== EX-99.2 d471593dex992.htm VOTING AGREEMENT =====
Voting Agreement Exhibit 99.2 Execution Version VOTING AGREEMENT This Voting Agreement (this “ Agreement ”) is made and entered into as of January 22 2013, by and among Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., a Maryland corporation (“ Cole ”), Cole Operating Partnership II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“ Cole Operating Partnership ”, and together with Cole, the “ Cole Parties ”), and the undersigned stockholder (the “ Stockholder ”) of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation (“ Spirit ”). RECITALS A. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Spirit, Spirit Realty, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“ Spirit Operating Partnership ”), and the Cole Parties have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “ Merger Agreement ”) which provides for (i) the merger of Spirit with and into Cole with Cole being the surviving corporation (the “ Company Merger ”) and (ii) the merger of the Cole Operating Partnership with and into the Spirit Operating Partnership with the Spirit Operating Partnership being the surviving partnership. B. As a condition and inducement to Cole’s willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, Cole has required that Stockholder, and Stockholder has agreed, to enter into this Agreement with respect to all shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Spirit (“ Spirit Common Shares ”) that Stockholder owns beneficially or of record. C. The Stockholder is the owner, beneficially or of record, and has either sole or shared voting power of such number of Spirit Common Shares as is indicated on the signature page to this Agreement (the “ Spirit Shares ”). D. Cole desires the Stockholder to agree, and the Stockholder is willing to agree, not to Transfer (as defined below) any of the Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares (as defined below), and to vote the Spirit Shares and New Spirit Shares in a manner so as to facilitate consummation of the Company Merger as provided and subject to the limitations herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth below and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement. When used in this Agreement, the following terms in all of their tenses, cases and correlative forms shall have the meanings assigned to them in this Section 1 or elsewhere in this Agreement. “ Affiliate ” of a specified Person means a Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified Person. “ Permitted Transfer ” shall mean, in each case, so long as (i) such Transfer is in accordance with applicable Law and (ii) Stockholder is and at all times has been in compliance with this Agreement: any Transfer to an Affiliate, so long as such Affiliate, in connection with such Transfer, executes a joinder to this Agreement pursuant to which such Affiliate agrees to become a party to this Agreement and be subject to the restrictions applicable to the Stockholder and otherwise become a party for all purposes of this Agreement; provided , that no such Transfer shall relieve the transferring Stockholder from its obligations under this Agreement. “ Spirit Expiration Date ” shall mean the earliest to occur of (i) the Company Merger Effective Time, (ii) such date and time as the Merger Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Article 9 thereof, (iii) such date and time as there shall have occurred either a Change in Spirit Recommendation or a Change in Cole Recommendation, (iv) such date and time as either of the Cole Parties shall acquire ownership, beneficially or of record, of any Spirit Common Shares and (v) September 25, 2013. “ Transfer ” shall mean (i) any direct or indirect offer, sale, assignment, encumbrance, pledge, hypothecation, disposition, loan or other transfer (by operation of Law or otherwise), either voluntary or involuntary, or entry into any contract, option or other arrangement or understanding with respect to any offer, sale, assignment, encumbrance, pledge, hypothecation, disposition, loan or other transfer (by operation of Law or otherwise), of any capital stock (or any security convertible or exchangeable into capital stock) or interest in any capital stock or (ii) entering into any swap or any other agreement, transaction or series of transactions that hedges or transfers, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership of such capital stock or interest in capital stock, whether any such swap, agreement, transaction or series of transactions is to be settled by delivery of securities, in cash or otherwise; provided , that after June 16, 2013, any transactions described in this clause (ii) shall not constitute a Transfer so long as (a) such transactions do not require a filing under the Exchange Act or any other public disclosure of such transactions and (b) such transactions do not in any way limit the ability of a Stockholder to vote its Spirit Shares. 2. Agreement to Retain Shares . 2.1 Transfer and Encumbrance of Spirit Shares . Other than a Permitted Transfer, until the Spirit Expiration Date, Stockholder shall not (i) Transfer any of the Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares, or (ii) deposit any Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to such Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares or grant any proxy or power of attorney with respect thereto. 2.2 Additional Purchases . Stockholder agrees that any Spirit Common Shares or other capital shares of Spirit that Stockholder purchases or otherwise acquires or with respect to which Stockholder otherwise acquires sole or shared voting power after the execution of this Agreement and prior to the Spirit Expiration Date (the “ New Spirit Shares ”) shall be subject to 2 the terms and conditions of this Agreement to the same extent as if they constituted the Spirit Shares. 2.4 Unpermitted Transfers . Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any of the Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares in violation of this Section 2 shall, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, be null and void ab initio , and Spirit shall not, and shall instruct its transfer agent and other third parties not to, record or recognize any such purported Transfer on the share register of Spirit. 3. Agreement to Vote Spirit Shares . Hereafter until the Spirit Expiration Date, at every meeting of the stockholders of Spirit called with respect to any of the following matters (but only the following matters), and at every adjournment or postponement thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of the stockholders of Spirit with respect to any of the following matters (but only the following matters), Stockholder shall vote the Spirit Shares and any New Spirit Shares: (i) in favor of the Company Merger; and (ii) against (a) any Spirit Acquisition Proposal, (b) any action or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in any condition to the consummation of the Company Merger set forth in Article 8 of the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled on or before the Outside Date, and (c) any action which could reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, materially delay, materially postpone or materially adversely affect consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 4. Irrevocable Proxy . By execution of this Agreement, Stockholder does hereby appoint and constitute Cole, Marc E. Bromley, George N. Fugelsang and any one or more other individuals designated by Cole, and each of them individually, until the Spirit Expiration Date (at which time this proxy shall automatically be revoked), with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as Stockholder’s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and irrevocable proxies, to the fullest extent of Stockholder’s rights with respect to the Spirit Shares and any New Spirit Shares, to vote each of the Spirit Shares and New Spirit Shares solely with respect to the matters set forth in Section 3 hereof; provided , however , the foregoing shall only be effective if Stockholder fails to be counted as present, consent or vote Stockholder’s Spirit Shares and New Spirit Shares in accordance with Section 3 above. Stockholder intends this proxy to be irrevocable and coupled with an interest hereafter until the Spirit Expiration Date for all purposes, including without limitation, the provisions of Section 2-507(d) of the Maryland General Corporation Law, and hereby revokes any proxy previously granted by Stockholder with respect to the Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares. Stockholder hereby ratifies and confirms all actions that the proxies appointed hereunder may lawfully do or cause to be done in accordance with this Agreement. 5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Stockholder . Stockholder hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Cole Parties as follows: 5.1 Due Authority . Stockholder has the legal capacity and full power and authority to make, enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement and to grant the irrevocable proxy as set forth in Section 4 hereof. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Stockholder and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Stockholder enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except to the extent 3 enforceability may be limited by the effect of applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and the effect of general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at Law or in equity. 5.2 Ownership of Spirit Shares . Stockholder is the beneficial and record owner of the Spirit Common Shares indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, free and clear of any and all claims, liens, encumbrances and security interests whatsoever and has either sole or shared voting power over all of the Spirit Shares. Stockholder does not own, beneficially or of record, any securities of Spirit other than the Spirit Common Shares set forth on the signature page of this Agreement. Stockholder does not own, beneficially or of record, any rights to purchase or acquire any shares of capital stock of Spirit. 5.3 No Conflict; Consents . (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Stockholder do not, and the performance by Stockholder of the obligations under this Agreement and the compliance by Stockholder with any provisions hereof do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate Stockholder’s organizational or formation documents, (ii) conflict with or violate in any material respect any Laws applicable to Stockholder or the Spirit Shares, or (iii) result in any material breach of or constitute a material default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on any of the Spirit Shares pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which Stockholder is a party or by which Stockholder or the Spirit Shares are bound. (b) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person, is required by or with respect to Stockholder in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation by Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby. 5.4 Absence of Litigation . There is no Action pending against, or, to the knowledge of Stockholder, threatened against or affecting, Stockholder or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective properties or assets (including the Spirit Shares) at Law or in equity that could reasonably be expected to impair or adversely affect the ability of the Stockholder to perform the Stockholder’s obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis. 6. Further Assurances . From time to time, at the request of Cole and without further consideration, Stockholder shall take such further action as may reasonably be requested by Cole to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 7. Termination . This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force or effect on the Spirit Expiration Date. 4 8. Notice of Certain Events . Stockholder shall notify Cole immediately of (a) any fact, event or circumstance that would cause, or reasonably be expected to cause or constitute, a breach in any material respect of the representations and warranties of Stockholder under this Agreement and (b) the receipt by Stockholder of any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with this Agreement; provided , however , that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 8 shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available to any party. 9. Miscellaneous . 9.1 Severability . If any term or other provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible. 9.2 Binding Effect and Assignment . This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 9.3 Amendments and Modifications . This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or supplemented except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement executed by the parties hereto. 9.4 Specific Performance; Injunctive Relief . The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement was not performed in accordance with the terms hereof or was otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to specific relief hereunder, including, without limitation, an injunction or injunctions to prevent and enjoin breaches of the provisions of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, in any state or federal court in the State of Maryland, in addition to any other remedy to which they may be entitled at Law or in equity. Any requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with respect to any such remedy are hereby waived. 9.5 Notices . All notices, requests, claims, consents, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the parties or sent by facsimile or e-mail of a pdf attachment (providing confirmation of transmission) at the following addresses or facsimile numbers (or at such other address or facsimile number for a party as shall be specified by like notice): (a) if to the Cole Parties to: 5 c/o Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc. 2325 East Camelback Road, Suite 1100 Phoenix, Arizona, 85016 Attn: Kimberly J. Smith Fax: (480) 449-7019 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Goodwin Procter LLP Exchange Place Boston, MA Attn: Gilbert G. Menna, Esq. Suzanne D. Lecaroz, Esq. Fax: (617) 523-1231 (b) if to Stockholder: To the address for notice set forth on the last page hereof. or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective upon receipt. 9.6 Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Maryland without regard to its rules of conflict of laws. The parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Maryland and of the United States of America located in such state (the “ Maryland Courts ”) for any litigation arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (and agree not to commence any litigation relating thereto except in such courts), waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such litigation in the Maryland Courts and agree not to plead or claim in any Maryland Court that such litigation brought therein has been brought in any inconvenient forum. 9.7 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH OF THE COLE PARTIES AND STOCKHOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF COLE OR STOCKHOLDER IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT. 9.8 Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties in respect of the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior negotiations and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter. 6 9.9 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 9.10 Effect of Headings . The section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of interpretation of this Agreement. 9.11 No Agreement Until Executed . Irrespective of negotiations among the parties or the exchanging of drafts of this Agreement, this Agreement shall not constitute or be deemed to evidence a contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding between the parties hereto unless and until (i) the Merger Agreement is executed by all parties thereto, and (ii) this Agreement is executed by all parties hereto. 9.12 Legal Representation . This Agreement was negotiated by the parties with the benefit of legal representation and any rule of construction or interpretation otherwise requiring this Agreement to be construed or interpreted against any party shall not apply to any construction or interpretation thereof. 9.13 Confidentiality . Stockholder recognizes that successful consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement may be dependent upon confidentiality with respect to the matters referred to herein. In connection therewith, pending public disclosure thereof, Stockholder hereby agrees not to disclose or discuss such matters with anyone not a party to this Agreement (other than its Affiliates, counsel and advisors, if any) without the prior written consent of Cole, except for disclosures Stockholder’s counsel advises are necessary in order to fulfill any legal requirement, in which event Stockholder shall give notice of such disclosure to Cole as promptly as practicable so as to enable Cole to seek a protective order from a court of competent jurisdiction with respect thereto. 9.14 Expenses . All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such cost or expense, whether or not the Company Merger is consummated. 9.15 Action in Stockholder Capacity Only . The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is entered into by Stockholder solely in its capacity as the record and/or beneficial owner of Stockholder’s Spirit Shares and nothing in this Agreement shall restrict or limit in any respect any action taken by any Affiliate or representative of Stockholder in his capacity as a director of the Company. The taking of any action (or failure to act) by any Affiliate or representative of Stockholder in his capacity as an officer or director of the Company will in no way constitute a breach of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9.15 shall in any way modify, alter or amend any of the terms of the Merger Agreement. 9.16 Documentation and Information . Stockholder (i) consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by Spirit and Cole of Stockholder’s identity and holdings of the Spirit Shares, and the nature of Stockholder’s commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Agreement, in any press release or any other disclosure document required in connection with the Company Merger or any other transaction contemplated by the 7 Merger Agreement and (ii) agrees as promptly as practicable to give to Spirit and Cole any information reasonably related to the foregoing as either may reasonably require for the preparation of any such disclosure documents. As promptly as practicable, Stockholder shall notify Cole of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by such Stockholder specifically for use in any such disclosure document, if and to the extent such Stockholder becomes aware that any have become false or misleading in any material respect. 9.17 Cole Ownership and Acquisition of Spirit Shares . The Cole Parties represent and warrant to the Stockholder that as of the date hereof they do not beneficially own any Spirit Common Shares. [ Signature page follows ] 8 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed on the date and year first above written. COLE: COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST II, INC. By: /s/ Christopher H. Cole Name: Christopher H. Cole Title: Chief Executive Officer COLE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP: COLE COLE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, LP By: /s/ Christopher H. Cole Name: Christopher H. Cole Title: Chief Executive Officer TPG-AXON PARTNERS, LP By: /s/ David Weil Name: David Weil Title: President and COO Stockholder’s Address for Notice : 888 Seventh Ave., 38 th Fl. New York, NY 10019 Shares : 2,299,025 Spirit Common Shares with sole voting power Spirit Common Shares with shared voting power [Signature Page to TPG-Axon Partners, LP Voting Agreement] SOLELY FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 2.4 HEREOF: SPIRIT: SPIRIT REALTY CAPITAL, INC. By: /s/ Peter M. Mavoides Name: Peter M. Mavoides Title: President and COO [Signature Page to TPG-Axon Partners, LP Voting Agreement]

===== EX-99.3 d471593dex993.htm VOTING AGREEMENT =====
Voting Agreement Exhibit 99.3 Execution Version VOTING AGREEMENT This Voting Agreement (this “ Agreement ”) is made and entered into as of January 22 2013, by and among Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., a Maryland corporation (“ Cole ”), Cole Operating Partnership II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“ Cole Operating Partnership ”, and together with Cole, the “ Cole Parties ”), and the undersigned stockholder (the “ Stockholder ”) of Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation (“ Spirit ”). RECITALS A. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Spirit, Spirit Realty, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (“ Spirit Operating Partnership ”), and the Cole Parties have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “ Merger Agreement ”) which provides for (i) the merger of Spirit with and into Cole with Cole being the surviving corporation (the “ Company Merger ”) and (ii) the merger of the Cole Operating Partnership with and into the Spirit Operating Partnership with the Spirit Operating Partnership being the surviving partnership. B. As a condition and inducement to Cole’s willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, Cole has required that Stockholder, and Stockholder has agreed, to enter into this Agreement with respect to all shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Spirit (“ Spirit Common Shares ”) that Stockholder owns beneficially or of record. C. The Stockholder is the owner, beneficially or of record, and has either sole or shared voting power of such number of Spirit Common Shares as is indicated on the signature page to this Agreement (the “ Spirit Shares ”). D. Cole desires the Stockholder to agree, and the Stockholder is willing to agree, not to Transfer (as defined below) any of the Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares (as defined below), and to vote the Spirit Shares and New Spirit Shares in a manner so as to facilitate consummation of the Company Merger as provided and subject to the limitations herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth below and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows: 1. Definitions. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement. When used in this Agreement, the following terms in all of their tenses, cases and correlative forms shall have the meanings assigned to them in this Section 1 or elsewhere in this Agreement. “ Affiliate ” of a specified Person means a Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified Person. “ Permitted Transfer ” shall mean, in each case, so long as (i) such Transfer is in accordance with applicable Law and (ii) Stockholder is and at all times has been in compliance with this Agreement: any Transfer to an Affiliate, so long as such Affiliate, in connection with such Transfer, executes a joinder to this Agreement pursuant to which such Affiliate agrees to become a party to this Agreement and be subject to the restrictions applicable to the Stockholder and otherwise become a party for all purposes of this Agreement; provided , that no such Transfer shall relieve the transferring Stockholder from its obligations under this Agreement. “ Spirit Expiration Date ” shall mean the earliest to occur of (i) the Company Merger Effective Time, (ii) such date and time as the Merger Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Article 9 thereof, (iii) such date and time as there shall have occurred either a Change in Spirit Recommendation or a Change in Cole Recommendation, (iv) such date and time as either of the Cole Parties shall acquire ownership, beneficially or of record, of any Spirit Common Shares and (v) September 25, 2013. “ Transfer ” shall mean (i) any direct or indirect offer, sale, assignment, encumbrance, pledge, hypothecation, disposition, loan or other transfer (by operation of Law or otherwise), either voluntary or involuntary, or entry into any contract, option or other arrangement or understanding with respect to any offer, sale, assignment, encumbrance, pledge, hypothecation, disposition, loan or other transfer (by operation of Law or otherwise), of any capital stock (or any security convertible or exchangeable into capital stock) or interest in any capital stock or (ii) entering into any swap or any other agreement, transaction or series of transactions that hedges or transfers, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, the economic consequence of ownership of such capital stock or interest in capital stock, whether any such swap, agreement, transaction or series of transactions is to be settled by delivery of securities, in cash or otherwise; provided , that after June 16, 2013, any transactions described in this clause (ii) shall not constitute a Transfer so long as (a) such transactions do not require a filing under the Exchange Act or any other public disclosure of such transactions and (b) such transactions do not in any way limit the ability of a Stockholder to vote its Spirit Shares. 2. Agreement to Retain Shares . 2.1 Transfer and Encumbrance of Spirit Shares . Other than a Permitted Transfer, until the Spirit Expiration Date, Stockholder shall not (i) Transfer any of the Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares, or (ii) deposit any Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to such Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares or grant any proxy or power of attorney with respect thereto. 2.2 Additional Purchases . Stockholder agrees that any Spirit Common Shares or other capital shares of Spirit that Stockholder purchases or otherwise acquires or with respect to which Stockholder otherwise acquires sole or shared voting power after the execution of this Agreement and prior to the Spirit Expiration Date (the “ New Spirit Shares ”) shall be subject to 2 the terms and conditions of this Agreement to the same extent as if they constituted the Spirit Shares. 2.4 Unpermitted Transfers . Any Transfer or attempted Transfer of any of the Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares in violation of this Section 2 shall, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, be null and void ab initio , and Spirit shall not, and shall instruct its transfer agent and other third parties not to, record or recognize any such purported Transfer on the share register of Spirit. 3. Agreement to Vote Spirit Shares . Hereafter until the Spirit Expiration Date, at every meeting of the stockholders of Spirit called with respect to any of the following matters (but only the following matters), and at every adjournment or postponement thereof, and on every action or approval by written consent of the stockholders of Spirit with respect to any of the following matters (but only the following matters), Stockholder shall vote the Spirit Shares and any New Spirit Shares: (i) in favor of the Company Merger; and (ii) against (a) any Spirit Acquisition Proposal, (b) any action or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in any condition to the consummation of the Company Merger set forth in Article 8 of the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled on or before the Outside Date, and (c) any action which could reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, materially delay, materially postpone or materially adversely affect consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 4. Irrevocable Proxy . By execution of this Agreement, Stockholder does hereby appoint and constitute Cole, Marc E. Bromley, George N. Fugelsang and any one or more other individuals designated by Cole, and each of them individually, until the Spirit Expiration Date (at which time this proxy shall automatically be revoked), with full power of substitution and resubstitution, as Stockholder’s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and irrevocable proxies, to the fullest extent of Stockholder’s rights with respect to the Spirit Shares and any New Spirit Shares, to vote each of the Spirit Shares and New Spirit Shares solely with respect to the matters set forth in Section 3 hereof; provided , however , the foregoing shall only be effective if Stockholder fails to be counted as present, consent or vote Stockholder’s Spirit Shares and New Spirit Shares in accordance with Section 3 above. Stockholder intends this proxy to be irrevocable and coupled with an interest hereafter until the Spirit Expiration Date for all purposes, including without limitation, the provisions of Section 2-507(d) of the Maryland General Corporation Law, and hereby revokes any proxy previously granted by Stockholder with respect to the Spirit Shares or New Spirit Shares. Stockholder hereby ratifies and confirms all actions that the proxies appointed hereunder may lawfully do or cause to be done in accordance with this Agreement. 5. Representations, Warranties and Covenants of Stockholder . Stockholder hereby represents, warrants and covenants to the Cole Parties as follows: 5.1 Due Authority . Stockholder has the legal capacity and full power and authority to make, enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement and to grant the irrevocable proxy as set forth in Section 4 hereof. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Stockholder and constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Stockholder enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except to the extent 3 enforceability may be limited by the effect of applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and the effect of general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at Law or in equity. 5.2 Ownership of Spirit Shares . Stockholder is the beneficial and record owner of the Spirit Common Shares indicated on the signature page of this Agreement, free and clear of any and all claims, liens, encumbrances and security interests whatsoever and has either sole or shared voting power over all of the Spirit Shares. Stockholder does not own, beneficially or of record, any securities of Spirit other than the Spirit Common Shares set forth on the signature page of this Agreement. Stockholder does not own, beneficially or of record, any rights to purchase or acquire any shares of capital stock of Spirit. 5.3 No Conflict; Consents . (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Stockholder do not, and the performance by Stockholder of the obligations under this Agreement and the compliance by Stockholder with any provisions hereof do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate Stockholder’s organizational or formation documents, (ii) conflict with or violate in any material respect any Laws applicable to Stockholder or the Spirit Shares, or (iii) result in any material breach of or constitute a material default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a material default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on any of the Spirit Shares pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or obligation to which Stockholder is a party or by which Stockholder or the Spirit Shares are bound. (b) No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person, is required by or with respect to Stockholder in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation by Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby. 5.4 Absence of Litigation . There is no Action pending against, or, to the knowledge of Stockholder, threatened against or affecting, Stockholder or any of its Affiliates or any of their respective properties or assets (including the Spirit Shares) at Law or in equity that could reasonably be expected to impair or adversely affect the ability of the Stockholder to perform the Stockholder’s obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis. 6. Further Assurances . From time to time, at the request of Cole and without further consideration, Stockholder shall take such further action as may reasonably be requested by Cole to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 7. Termination . This Agreement shall terminate and shall have no further force or effect on the Spirit Expiration Date. 4 8. Notice of Certain Events . Stockholder shall notify Cole immediately of (a) any fact, event or circumstance that would cause, or reasonably be expected to cause or constitute, a breach in any material respect of the representations and warranties of Stockholder under this Agreement and (b) the receipt by Stockholder of any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with this Agreement; provided , however , that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 8 shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available to any party. 9. Miscellaneous . 9.1 Severability . If any term or other provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in an acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible. 9.2 Binding Effect and Assignment . This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 9.3 Amendments and Modifications . This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or supplemented except upon the execution and delivery of a written agreement executed by the parties hereto. 9.4 Specific Performance; Injunctive Relief . The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement was not performed in accordance with the terms hereof or was otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to specific relief hereunder, including, without limitation, an injunction or injunctions to prevent and enjoin breaches of the provisions of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof, in any state or federal court in the State of Maryland, in addition to any other remedy to which they may be entitled at Law or in equity. Any requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with respect to any such remedy are hereby waived. 9.5 Notices . All notices, requests, claims, consents, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, sent by overnight courier (providing proof of delivery) to the parties or sent by facsimile or e-mail of a pdf attachment (providing confirmation of transmission) at the following addresses or facsimile numbers (or at such other address or facsimile number for a party as shall be specified by like notice): (a) if to the Cole Parties to: 5 c/o Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc. 2325 East Camelback Road, Suite 1100 Phoenix, Arizona, 85016 Attn: Kimberly J. Smith Fax: (480) 449-7019 with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Goodwin Procter LLP Exchange Place Boston, MA Attn: Gilbert G. Menna, Esq. Suzanne D. Lecaroz, Esq. Fax: (617) 523-1231 (b) if to Stockholder: To the address for notice set forth on the last page hereof. or to such other address as any party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective upon receipt. 9.6 Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Maryland without regard to its rules of conflict of laws. The parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Maryland and of the United States of America located in such state (the “ Maryland Courts ”) for any litigation arising out of or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (and agree not to commence any litigation relating thereto except in such courts), waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such litigation in the Maryland Courts and agree not to plead or claim in any Maryland Court that such litigation brought therein has been brought in any inconvenient forum. 9.7 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH OF THE COLE PARTIES AND STOCKHOLDER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF COLE OR STOCKHOLDER IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT OF THIS AGREEMENT. 9.8 Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties in respect of the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior negotiations and understandings between the parties with respect to such subject matter. 6 9.9 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 9.10 Effect of Headings . The section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of interpretation of this Agreement. 9.11 No Agreement Until Executed . Irrespective of negotiations among the parties or the exchanging of drafts of this Agreement, this Agreement shall not constitute or be deemed to evidence a contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding between the parties hereto unless and until (i) the Merger Agreement is executed by all parties thereto, and (ii) this Agreement is executed by all parties hereto. 9.12 Legal Representation . This Agreement was negotiated by the parties with the benefit of legal representation and any rule of construction or interpretation otherwise requiring this Agreement to be construed or interpreted against any party shall not apply to any construction or interpretation thereof. 9.13 Confidentiality . Stockholder recognizes that successful consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement may be dependent upon confidentiality with respect to the matters referred to herein. In connection therewith, pending public disclosure thereof, Stockholder hereby agrees not to disclose or discuss such matters with anyone not a party to this Agreement (other than its Affiliates, counsel and advisors, if any) without the prior written consent of Cole, except for disclosures Stockholder’s counsel advises are necessary in order to fulfill any legal requirement, in which event Stockholder shall give notice of such disclosure to Cole as promptly as practicable so as to enable Cole to seek a protective order from a court of competent jurisdiction with respect thereto. 9.14 Expenses . All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such cost or expense, whether or not the Company Merger is consummated. 9.15 Action in Stockholder Capacity Only . The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is entered into by Stockholder solely in its capacity as the record and/or beneficial owner of Stockholder’s Spirit Shares and nothing in this Agreement shall restrict or limit in any respect any action taken by any Affiliate or representative of Stockholder in his capacity as a director of the Company. The taking of any action (or failure to act) by any Affiliate or representative of Stockholder in his capacity as an officer or director of the Company will in no way constitute a breach of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9.15 shall in any way modify, alter or amend any of the terms of the Merger Agreement. 9.16 Documentation and Information . Stockholder (i) consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by Spirit and Cole of Stockholder’s identity and holdings of the Spirit Shares, and the nature of Stockholder’s commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Agreement, in any press release or any other disclosure document required in connection with the Company Merger or any other transaction contemplated by the 7 Merger Agreement and (ii) agrees as promptly as practicable to give to Spirit and Cole any information reasonably related to the foregoing as either may reasonably require for the preparation of any such disclosure documents. As promptly as practicable, Stockholder shall notify Cole of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by such Stockholder specifically for use in any such disclosure document, if and to the extent such Stockholder becomes aware that any have become false or misleading in any material respect. 9.17 Cole Ownership and Acquisition of Spirit Shares . The Cole Parties represent and warrant to the Stockholder that as of the date hereof they do not beneficially own any Spirit Common Shares. [ Signature page follows ] 8 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed on the date and year first above written. COLE: COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST II, INC. By: /s/ Christopher H. Cole Name: Christopher H. Cole Title: Chief Executive Officer COLE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP: COLE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, LP By: /s/ Christopher H. Cole Name: Christopher H. Cole Title: Chief Executive Officer TPG-AXON SPIRIT HOLDINGS LTD. By: /s/ David Weil Name: David Weil Title: Director Stockholder’s Address for Notice: 888 Seventh Ave., 38 th Fl. New York, NY 10019 Shares: 4,269,383 Spirit Common Shares with sole voting power Spirit Common Shares with shared voting power [Signature Page to TPG-Axon Spirit Holdings Ltd. Voting Agreement] SOLELY FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 2.4 HEREOF: SPIRIT: SPIRIT REALTY CAPITAL, INC. By: /s/ Peter M. Mavoides Name: Peter M. Mavoides Title: President and COO [Signature Page to TPG-Axon Spirit Holdings Ltd. Voting Agreement]

===== EX-99.4 d471593dex994.htm ADVISORY AND PROPERTY MANAGEMENT MATTERS AGREEMENT =====
Advisory and Property Management Matters Agreement Exhibit 99.4 ADVISORY AND PROPERTY MANAGEMENT MATTERS AGREEMENT This Advisory and Property Management Matters Agreement (this “ Agreement ”) is made and entered into as of January 22, 2013 (the “ Execution Date ”), by and between Cole REIT Advisors II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “ Advisor ”), Cole Realty Advisors, Inc. (f/k/a Fund Realty Advisors, Inc.), an Arizona corporation (the “ Property Manager ” and together with the Advisor, the “ Advisor Parties ”), Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the “ Company ”), and Cole Operating Partnership II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the “ Company OP, ” and together with the Company, the “ Company Parties ”). The Advisor, the Property Manager, the Company and the Company OP are each sometimes referred to herein as a “ Party ” and collectively as the “ Parties .” RECITALS A. The Advisor and the Company are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement dated September 16, 2005, as amended (the “ Advisory Agreement ”), pursuant to which the Advisor renders certain services to the Company in connection with the operation of the Company’s business pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement. Any capitalized term not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given such term in the Advisory Agreement. B. The Property Manager, the Company and Company OP are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Property Management and Leasing Agreement dated as of September 16, 2005, as amended (the “ Property Management Agreement ” and together with the Advisory Agreement, the “ Advisory and Property Management Agreements ”). C. Contemporaneously with the entry into of this Agreement, the Company has entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger of even date herewith (the “ Merger Agreement ”), with, inter alia , Spirit Realty Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation (“ Spirit ”), pursuant to which Spirit will merge with and into the Company (the “ Merger ”), with the Company surviving the merger (the “ Surviving Corporation ”), but with the management of Spirit continuing as the management of the Surviving Corporation following the Closing (the “ Spirit Management ”). D. The Parties desire to, among other things, (i) provide for the relinquishment and waiver by the Advisor Parties of the right to receive certain fees under the Advisory Agreement on the terms set forth in this Agreement, (ii) provide for certain obligations and agreements of the Advisor from the date hereof until the effective time of the Merger (the “ Closing ”) and (iii) provide for certain additional obligations and agreements among the Parties following the Closing. E. In addition, the Parties desire to terminate the Advisory and Property Management Agreements effective as of the Closing, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 1 AGREEMENT NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 1. Representations and Warranties . Each Party represents and warrants that: (a) Such Party has the power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in each case to the extent applicable to such Party; (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Party has been duly and validly authorized by all necessary action and no other consents or other actions are necessary to authorize this Agreement or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (c) This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered and assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the other Parties, constitutes a legally valid and binding obligation of such Party enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); (d) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Party, does not, and the performance of such Party’s obligations hereunder (subject to obtaining of the Cole Lender Consents (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement), will not, (i) conflict with or violate the organization documents of such Party, (ii) require any consent or approval of any third party, or (iii) result in any breach or default (with or without notice or the lapse of time or both) of any note, bond, debt instrument, indenture, contract, agreement, license, permit or other legally binding obligation to which such Party is a party, except for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other occurrences which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on such Party and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole); and (e) Except for the Advisory and Property Management Agreements and the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Company OP, dated as of September 16, 2005, as amended, there are no other contracts or agreements (whether written or oral) between any of the Company Parties or their subsidiaries, on the one hand, and either of the Advisor Parties, on the other hand. 2. Advisory and Property Management Agreements . The Parties acknowledge and agree that (i) from the Execution Date through the Closing (the “ Interim Period ”), the Advisory and Property Management Agreements shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent specifically agreed to by the Advisor Parties and the Company Parties in this Agreement, and (ii) the Advisory and Property Management Agreements shall terminate effective as of the Closing without any further notice or action by any Party. 2 3. Interim Period . The Advisor Parties hereby agree, during the Interim Period, to use their reasonable best efforts to perform their duties under the Advisory and Property Management Agreements, as applicable, in a manner so as to cause the Company and the subsidiaries of the Company to perform the Company Parties’ covenants, agreements and other obligations under the Merger Agreement, including (i) obtaining the Cole Lender Consents and Spirit Lender Consents (as each such term is defined in the Merger Agreement), (ii) assisting with any Debt Financing (as defined in the Merger Agreement), (iii) complying, subject to Section 7.3 of the Merger Agreement, with the restrictions related to Cole Acquisition Proposals (as defined in the Merger Agreement), and (iv) satisfying the conditions to the Closing contained in Article 8 of the Merger Agreement. The Advisor Parties also hereby acknowledge the provisions of Section 6.1 of the Merger Agreement and agree that, during the Interim Period, they will use their reasonable best efforts to perform their duties under the Advisory and Property Management Agreements, as applicable, in a manner such that the Company Parties shall not be in violation of Section 6.1 of the Merger Agreement. For purposes hereof, “ Representative ” means, with respect to any person, such person’s directors, officers, employees, consultants, advisors (including attorneys, accountants, consultants, investment bankers, and financial advisors), managers, sponsors, agents and other representatives. 4. Turnover of Books and Records . The Advisor Parties agree to turn over to the Spirit Management the Books and Records as promptly as is reasonably practicable following the Closing at a place designated by Spirit Management. For purposes of this Agreement, “ Books and Records ” means all of the books, records, files, data and information, whether in hard copy or digital format, including, without limitation, organizational documents, leases, debt related documents, title policies, environmental reports, financial and accounting records, Tax records, credit and collection records, budgets, budget forecasts, correspondence and miscellaneous records with respect to tenants and all other general correspondence, in each case relating to the Company, a subsidiary of the Company or their respective businesses; provided , that Books and Records shall not include, and the Advisor Parties shall not provide, (i) any pre-acquisition investment recommendations with respect to any properties that contain proprietary modeling by the Advisor Parties and (ii) any property-level working files of any officer, employee or contractor of the Advisor Parties that are duplicative, or contain preliminary drafts, of items otherwise turned over to Spirit Management pursuant to this Section 4. The Advisor Parties agree to provide to the Spirit Management and the Surviving Corporation such other information related the Company, a subsidiary of the Company or their respective businesses as reasonably requested by the Spirit Management or the Surviving Corporation, subject to Section 7 hereof. 5. Expenses and Fees . (a) The Parties hereby agree that the Asset Management Fee payable pursuant to Section 3.01(a) of the Advisory Agreement, calculated in a manner consistent with the past practice of the Parties, shall continue to be paid during the Interim Period, provided that the Asset Management Fee for the month in which the Closing occurs shall be pro-rated based on the number of days in such month that have elapsed prior to, but excluding, the date on which the Closing occurs compared to the total number of days in such month. 3 (b) The Advisor Parties hereby waive the right to receive, and the Company Parties hereby agree not to make, payment of any Acquisition and Advisory Fees, Real Estate Commissions, Subordinated Share of Net Sale Proceeds, Subordinated Incentive Listing Fees, or Finance Coordination Fees pursuant to Sections 3.01(b), 3.01(c), 3.01(d), 3.01(e), or 3.01(g) of the Advisory Agreement with respect to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (including the Listing contemplated by the Merger Agreement) and with respect to any equity or debt financing transaction that occurs in connection with the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to Section 3 hereof and Section 6.1 of the Merger Agreement, nothing contained in this Section 5(b) shall serve as a waiver of the payment of any Acquisition and Advisory Fees, Real Estate Commissions or Finance Coordination Fees pursuant to Sections 3.01(b), 3.01(c) or 3.01(g) of the Advisory Agreement, calculated in a manner consistent with the past practice of the Parties, with respect to any acquisition, sale, financing or refinancing conducted during the Interim Period in compliance with the terms and conditions of Section 6.1 of the Merger Agreement and not (i) occurring in connection with the consummation of the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii) with respect to any equity or debt financing transaction that occurs in connection with the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. (c) The Parties hereby agree that Section 3.01(f) of the Advisory Agreement shall not apply with respect to the Surviving Corporation following consummation of the Merger. (d) The Advisor Parties hereby waive the right to receive, and the Company Parties hereby agree not to make, payment of any fees or Performance Fees (including through the conversion into Shares) pursuant to Sections 4.03(b), 4.03(c) and 4.03(d) of the Advisory Agreement in connection with the termination of the Advisory Agreement pursuant to Section 2(ii) of this Agreement or otherwise with respect to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (including the Listing contemplated by the Merger Agreement). (e) The Parties agree that (i) the expenses paid or incurred by the Advisor covered by Section 3.02 of the Advisory Agreement, calculated in a manner consistent with the past practice of the Parties, shall continue to be directly paid or reimbursed by the Company in accordance with the terms thereof, and (ii) the costs and expenses covered by Article IV and Section 5.4 of the Property Management Agreement, calculated in a manner consistent with the past practice of the Parties, shall continue to be paid or reimbursed by Owner (as defined in the Property Management Agreement) in accordance with the terms thereof. (f) The Parties hereby agree that the following fees payable pursuant to the Property Management Agreement shall continue to be paid during the Interim Period: (i) Management Fees (as defined in the Property Management Agreement) payable pursuant to Section 5.1 of the Property Management Agreement, calculated in a manner consistent with the past practice of the Parties; provided , that Management Fees for the month in which the Closing occurs shall be pro-rated based on the number of days in such month that have elapsed prior to, but excluding, the date on which the Closing occurs compared to the total number of days in such month, (ii) fees payable with respect to assisting with planning and coordinating the 4 construction of any tenant-paid finish-out or improvements pursuant to the last sentence of Section 5.1 of the Property Management Agreement, calculated in a manner consistent with the past practice of the Parties, and (iii) Leasing Fees (as defined in the Property Management Agreement) payable pursuant to Section 5.2 of the Property Management Agreement, calculated in a manner consistent with the past practice of the Parties. (g) Promptly following termination of the Property Management Agreement (and in any event within five (5) business days of such termination), the Surviving Corporation shall pay to the Property Manager, or cause Owner to pay, all amounts then due and owing to the Property Manager under the Property Management Agreement (after taking into account the provisions of Section 5 hereof). Promptly following termination of the Advisory Agreement (and in any event within five (5) business days of such termination), the Surviving Corporation shall pay to the Advisor all amounts then due and owing to the Advisor under the Advisory Agreement (after taking into account the provisions of Section 5 hereof). 6. Obligation to Assist in Litigation . (a) During the Interim Period, the Advisor Parties agree to assist and cooperate with the Company and its Representatives in accordance with the terms of the Advisory and Property Management Agreements with respect to (i) any litigation related to the Company or its subsidiaries or otherwise arising out of or in connection with the Merger Agreement, and (ii) any other complaints, investigations, audits or other similar activities pertaining to the Company, at no additional cost or expense. (b) From and after the Closing Date, the Advisor Parties agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to assist and cooperate with the Surviving Corporation and its Representatives with respect to (i) any pending or future litigation related to the Company or its subsidiaries or otherwise arising out of or in connection with the Merger Agreement, and (ii) any other complaints, investigations, audits or other similar activities pertaining to the Company and/or the subsidiaries of the Company relating to the period prior to the Closing. The fees payable to the Advisor Parties for such services will be negotiated by the Advisor Parties and the Surviving Corporation in good faith. For any such fees and expenses, the Advisor Parties will submit to the Company billing statements on a monthly basis showing fees separate from expenses and other reimbursable charges. 7. Transition Services . (a) Following the Closing for a period of one year, the Advisor and the Property Manager will make available, at reasonable times and upon reasonable request, to the Surviving Corporation and its Representatives, at the Surviving Corporation’s expense with respect to third-party fees and expenses actually incurred by the Advisor Parties, its Representatives with knowledge of the business of the Company and the subsidiaries of the Company to assist the Surviving Corporation in the transition of the business and introductions to third parties doing business with the Surviving Corporation. (b) The Advisor Parties agree to negotiate in good faith with the Surviving Corporation to provide additional services to the Surviving Corporation after the Closing with such scope, time periods and costs as may be mutually agreed to by the Advisor Parties and the 5 Surviving Corporation. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Property Manager will provide to the Surviving Corporation the services provided for under the Property Management Agreement upon request with respect to properties to be specified by the Surviving Corporation, for the fees and expenses, and otherwise on the terms, provided for in the Property Management Agreement. (c) Each of Spirit, the Company Parties and the Advisor Parties shall appoint a point of contact for communications relating to this Agreement. The Spirit appointee (who shall also serve as the appointee of the Surviving Corporation) shall initially be Peter Mavoides. The Company Parties appointee (who shall cease to serve as the appointee of the Company Parties upon the consummation of the Merger) shall initially be Mark Selman. The Advisor Parties appointee shall initially be Mitchell Sabshon. 8. Consent . The Advisor is the sole limited partner of Company OP. The Advisor consents to the Partnership Merger (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and agrees to the exchange of each of the Advisor’s limited partnership interests in Company OP for an equal number of shares of Cole Common Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement). 9. Termination of this Agreement . In the event that the Merger Agreement shall be terminated in accordance with the terms of Article 9 thereof prior to the Closing, this Agreement shall terminate, be rendered null and have no further force and effect and the Advisory and Property Management Agreements in place between the Parties shall continue in accordance with the terms thereof without the effect of any of the terms of this Agreement. 10. Indemnification . (a) The Parties hereby agree that during the Interim Period, the Advisor Parties shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company Parties for any services provided or actions taken by the Advisor Parties hereunder in accordance with the terms of Article V of the Advisory Agreement and Section 6.5 of the Property Management Agreement. (b) From and after the Closing, the Surviving Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, exculpate, indemnify, defend and hold harmless each of the Advisor Parties and their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, managers, shareholders, partners, members, agents and representatives (each, an “ Indemnitee ”) against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including, without limitation, all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of any thereof and reasonable attorneys’ fees) (collectively, “ Claims ”) resulting from, arising under, or related to the performance of any services by the Advisor Parties pursuant to this Agreement, provided , that an Indemnitee’s right to indemnification from the Surviving Corporation shall not apply to acts or omissions determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have been attributable to an Indemnitee’s gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. At any time from and after the Closing, prior to the final disposition of any Claim with respect to which any Indemnitee may be entitled to indemnification hereunder, the Surviving Corporation shall pay to the Indemnitee an amount equal to all expenses of said Indemnitee incurred in the defense of said Claim, in advance of such final disposition and as such expenses are incurred, so long as the Surviving Corporation has 6 received a written undertaking to repay to the Surviving Corporation the amount so advanced if it shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that said Indemnitee was not entitled to indemnification hereunder. 11. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced according to, and the legal relations between the Parties shall be governed by, the laws of the State of Arizona. 12. Preparation of Agreement . All Parties participated in negotiating and drafting this Agreement and this Agreement shall not be construed more favorable toward any Party as a result of any other party’s participating and drafting or production of this Agreement. 13. Attorneys’ Fees . In any action or proceeding by, between or among any of the Parties regarding this Agreement or its enforcement, the prevailing Party or Parties in such action or proceeding shall be entitled to collect and recover from the non-prevailing Party or Parties all costs of such action or proceeding incurred by such prevailing party or parties, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs through all levels of proceedings, including appeals. 14. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Advisory and Property Management Agreements, represents the entire agreement between the Parties and Spirit relating to the subject matter hereof, and there are no oral or parole agreements, representations or inducements between the Parties and Spirit relating thereto that are not expressly set forth herein and covered hereby. It is expressly agreed that all prior agreements, discussions and negotiations among any other Parties and Spirit hereto are hereby merged into this Agreement, taken together with the Advisory and Property Management Agreements. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Advisory and Property Management Agreements and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control. Furthermore, this Agreement may not be modified except by a written agreement signed by all Parties and by Spirit. 15. Binding Agreement . This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal and personal representatives, successors and assigns. 16. Counterparts and Facsimile Execution . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. A facsimile of this Agreement and any signatures thereon shall be considered as originals for all purposes. 17. Third Party Beneficiaries . Spirit (and following the Merger, the Surviving Corporation) is expressly a third party beneficiary of this Agreement and is entitled to enforce any rights and obligations of the Parties with respect hereto. From and after the Closing, each of the Indemnitees is an express third party beneficiary of the indemnification provisions contained in Section 10(b) of this Agreement. Except as set forth in this Section 17, this Agreement is not intended to confer upon any Person other than the Parties hereto any rights or remedies. [Signature Pages Follow] 7 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Agreement to be signed, sealed and delivered all as of the day, month and year first above written. COLE REALTY ADVISORS INC., an Arizona corporation By: /s/ John M. Pons Name: John M. Pons Title: Executive Vice President COLE REIT ADVISORS II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: /s/ John M. Pons Name: John M. Pons Title: Executive Vice President COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST II, INC., a Maryland corporation By: /s/ Kimberly J. Smith Name: Kimberly J. Smith Title: Assistant Secretary 8 COLE OPERATING PARTNESHIP II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: Cole Credit Property Trust II, Inc., its general partner By: /s/ Kimberly J. Smith Name: Kimberly J. Smith Title: Assistant Secretary 9 AS EXPRESS THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY: SPIRIT REALTY CAPITAL, INC., a Maryland corporation By: /s/ Peter M. Mavoides Name: Peter M. Mavoides Title: President and COO 10
