ACCESSION 0001493152-17-015302  FORM 8-K  FILED 20171229  ACCEPTED 20171229163022 ET  COMPANY Rhino Resource Partners LP  ITEMS ['Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement', 'Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement', 'Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant', 'Regulation FD Disclosure', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K form8-k.htm  =====
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 27, 2017 Rhino Resource Partners LP (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-34892 27-2377517 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 424 Lewis Hargett Circle, Suite 250 Lexington, Kentucky 40503 (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) (859) 389-6500 (Registrants’ telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: [ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company [ ] If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Financing Agreement On December 27, 2017, Rhino Energy LLC (“ Rhino Energy ”), a wholly-owned subsidiaries of Rhino Resource Partners LP (the “ Partnership ’), certain of Rhino Energy’s subsidiaries identified as Borrowers (together with Rhino Energy, the “ Borrowers ”), the Partnership and certain other Rhino Energy subsidiaries identified as Guarantors (together with the Partnership, the “ Guarantors ”), entered into a Financing Agreement (the “ Financing Agreement ”) with Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as Collateral Agent and Administrative agent, CB Agent Services LLC, as Origination Agent and the parties identified as Lenders therein (the Lenders ”), pursuant to which Lenders have agreed to provide Borrowers with a multi-draw term loan in the aggregate principal amount of $80,000,000, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Financing Agreement. The total principal amount is divided into a $40,000,000 commitment, the conditions for which were satisfied at the execution of the Financing Agreement (the “ Effective Date Term Loan Commitment ”) and an additional $40,000,000 commitment that is contingent upon the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent specified in the Financing Agreement (“ Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment ”). Loans made pursuant to the Financing Agreement will be secured by substantially all of the Borrowers’ and Guarantors’ assets. Loans made pursuant to Financing Agreement will, at Rhino Energy’s option, either be “Reference Rate Loans” or “LIBOR Rate Loans.” Reference Rate Loans bear interest at the greatest of (a) 4.25% per annum, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50% per annum, (c) the LIBOR Rate (as defined below, calculated on a one-month basis) plus 1.00% per annum or (d) the Prime Rate (as published in the Wall Street Journal) or if no such rate is published, the interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board as the “bank prime loan” rate or similar rate quoted therein, in each case, plus an applicable margin of 9.00% per annum (or 12.00% per annum if Rhino Energy has elected to capitalize an interest payment pursuant to the PIK Option, as described below. LIBOR Rate Loans bear interest at the greater of (x) the LIBOR for such interest period divided by 100% minus the maximum percentage prescribed by the Federal Reserve for determining the reserve requirements in effect with respect to eurocurrency liabilities for any Lender, if any, and (y) 1.00%, in each case, plus 10.00% per annum (or 13.00% per annum if the Borrowers have elected to have elected to capitalize an interest payment pursuant to the PIK Option). Interest payments are due on a monthly basis for Reference Rate Loans and one-, two- or three-month periods, at Rhino Energy’s option, for LIBOR Rate Loans. If there is no event of default occurring or continuing, Rhino Energy may elect to defer payment on interest accruing at 6.00% per annum by capitalizing and adding such interest payment to the principal amount of the applicable term loan (the “ PIK Option ”). Commencing December 31, 2018, the principal for each loan made under the Financing Agreement will be payable on a quarterly basis in an amount equal to $375,000 per quarter, with all remaining unpaid principal and accrued and unpaid interest due on December 27, 2020. In addition, the Borrowers must make certain prepayments over the term of any loans outstanding, including: (i) the payment of 25% of Excess Cash Flow (as that term is defined in the Financing Agreement) of the Partnership and its subsidiaries for each fiscal year, commencing with respect to the year ending December 31, 2019, (ii) subject to certain exceptions, the payment of 100% of the net cash proceeds from the dispositions of certain assets, the incurrence of certain indebtedness or receipts of cash outside of the ordinary course of business, and (iii) the payment of the excess of the outstanding principal amount of term loans outstanding over the amount of the Collateral Coverage Amount (as that term is defined in the Financing Agreement). In addition, the Lenders are entitled to certain fees, including 1.50% per annum of the unused Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment for as long as such commitment exists, (ii) for the 12-month period following the execution of the Financing Agreement, a make-whole amount equal to the interest and unused Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment fees that would have been payable but for the occurrence of certain events, including among others, bankruptcy proceedings or the termination of the Financing Agreement by Rhino Energy, and (iii) audit and collateral monitoring fees and origination and exit fees. The Financing Agreement requires the Borrowers and Guarantor to comply with several affirmative covenants at any time loans are outstanding, including, among others: (i) the requirement to deliver monthly, quarterly and annual financial statements, (ii) the requirement to periodically deliver certificates indicating, among other things, (a) compliance with terms of Financing Agreement and ancillary loan documents, (b) inventory, accounts payable, sales and production numbers, (c) the calculation of the Collateral Coverage Amount (as that term is defined in the Financing Agreement), (d) projections for the Partnership and its subsidiaries and (e) coal reserve amounts; (ii) the requirement to notify the Administrative Agent of certain events, including events of default under the Financing Agreement, dispositions, entry into material contracts, (iii) the requirement to maintain insurance, obtain permits, and comply with environmental and reclamation laws (iv) the requirement to sell up to $5.0 million of shares in Mammoth Energy Securities, Inc. and use the net proceeds therefrom to prepay outstanding term loans and (v) establish and maintain cash management services and establish a cash management account and deliver a control agreement with respect to such account to the Collateral Agent. The Financing Agreement also contains negative covenants that restrict the Borrowers and Guarantors ability to, among other things: (i) incur liens or additional indebtedness or make investments or restricted payments, (ii) liquidate or merge with another entity, or dispose of assets, (iii) change the nature of their respective businesses; (iii) make capital expenditures in excess, or, with respect to maintenance capital expenditures, lower than, specified amounts, (iv) incur restrictions on the payment of dividends, (v) prepay or modify the terms of other indebtedness, (vi) permit the Collateral Coverage Amount to be less than the outstanding principal amount of the loans outstanding under the Financing Agreement or (vii) permit the trailing six month Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Partnership and its subsidiaries to be less than 1.20 to 1.00 commencing with the six-month period ending June 30, 2018. The Financing Agreement contains customary events of default, following which the Collateral Agent may, at the request of lenders, terminate or reduce all commitments and accelerate the maturity of all outstanding loans to be become due and payable immediately together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon and exercise any such other rights as specified under the Financing Agreement and ancillary loan documents. The foregoing description of the Financing Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Financing Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. On December 27, 2017, the Borrowers borrowed $40.0 million under the Effective Date Term Loan Commitment and used approximately $17.3 million of the net proceeds thereof to repay all amounts outstanding and terminate the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and among Rhino Energy LLC, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, PNC Capital Markets and Union Bank, N.A., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, Union Bank N.A., as Syndication agent, Raymond James Bank, FSB, Wells Fargo Bank, national Association and the Huntington National Bank, as Co-Documentation Agents and the guarantors and lenders party thereto, which governed Rhino Energy’s $55.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility. Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The disclosure set forth above under Item 1.01 to this Current Report on Form 8-K under the caption “Financing Agreement” is hereby incorporated by referenced into this Item 2.03. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On December 28, 2017, the Partnership issued a press release announcing the closing of the Financing Agreement described above. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference into this Item 7.01. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. EXHIBIT DESCRIPTION 10.1 Financing Agreement dated as of December 27, 2017, by and among Rhino Resource Partners LP, as Parent, Rhino Energy LLC and each subsidiary of Rhino Energy listed as a borrower on the signature pages thereto, as Borrowers, Parent and each subsidiary of Parent listed as a guarantor on the signature pages thereto, as Guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto, as Lenders, Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent and CB Agent Services LLC, as Origination Agent. 99.1 Press Release dated December 28, 2017 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. RHINO RESOURCE PARTNERS LP By: Rhino GP LLC its General Partner Dated: December 29, 2017 By: /s/ Whitney C. Kegley Whitney C. Kegley Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel

===== EX-99.1 ex99-1.htm  =====
News Release Investor Contact: Scott Morris +1 859.519.3622 smorris@rhinolp.com Rhino Resource Partners LP Announces New Financing Agreement LEXINGTON, KY (December 28, 2017) – Rhino Resource Partners LP (OTCQB: RHNO) (“Rhino” or the “Partnership”) today announced that it executed a new three year, $80 million financing agreement with Colbeck Capital Management (“Colbeck”). The financing agreement is a multi-draw term loan with initial proceeds used to refinance Rhino’s revolving credit facility with PNC Bank, fully collateralize the Partnership’s existing letters of credit and fund general working capital purposes. Rhino plans to utilize the delayed draw portion of the financing agreement for potential strategic acquisitions and accretive organic growth opportunities. Rick Boone, President and Chief Executive Officer of Rhino’s general partner, stated, “Our new three year financing agreement provides us the financial stability and flexibility to grow the Partnership as we look to capitalize on the current strong market conditions, with a strategic focus on our expansion in the international met coal markets. We look forward to working with Colbeck, our new financing partner, to increase the value of our Partnership for our unitholders. Our new financing partner, Colbeck, coupled with the continued support of our sponsor, Royal Energy Resources, Inc. (OTCQB: ROYE), as well as our financial partner Yorktown Partners LLC, positions us to be a strong, long-term competitor in the world-wide coal markets.” About Colbeck Capital Management Colbeck manages a strategic lending fund with operations in New York City and Los Angeles. Colbeck’s partnership approach with entrepreneurs, management teams, and equity sponsors delivers fully-underwritten financing solutions to borrowers. For more information, visit www.colbeck.com. About Rhino Resource Partners LP Rhino Resource Partners LP is a diversified energy limited partnership that is focused on coal and energy related assets and activities, including energy infrastructure investments. Rhino produces metallurgical and steam coal in a variety of basins throughout the United States. Additional information regarding Rhino is available at its web site – RhinoLP.com. # # #
