ACCESSION 0001193125-08-249545  FORM 8-K  FILED 20081208  ACCEPTED 20081208150221 ET  COMPANY BNC BANCORP  ITEMS ['Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement', 'Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities', 'Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders', 'Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers', 'Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year', 'Other Events', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K d8k.htm FORM 8-K =====
Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): December 5, 2008 BNC Bancorp (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) North Carolina 000-50128 47-0898685 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 831 Julian Avenue Thomasville, North Carolina 27361 (Address of principal executive offices) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (336) 476-9200 N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On December 5, 2008, BNC Bancorp (“Registrant”), the parent company of Bank of North Carolina (the “Bank”) entered into a Letter Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with the United States Department of the Treasury (the “UST”). Under the Purchase Agreement, Registrant agreed to issue and sell (i) 31,260 shares of the Registrant’s Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the “Series A Preferred Stock”), and (ii) a warrant (the “Warrant”) to purchase 543,337 of the Registrant’s common stock, no par value per share (the “Common Stock”), for an aggregate purchase price of $31,260,000 in cash. A copy of the Purchase Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. The Series A Preferred Stock will qualify as Tier 1 capital and will pay cumulative dividends at a rate of 5% per annum for the first five years, and 9% per annum thereafter. The Series A Preferred Stock has no maturity date and ranks senior to Registrant’s Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up of Registrant. The form of the Certificate for the Series A Preferred Stock is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. The Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed by Registrant after three years; however, prior to the end of the three-year period, the Series A Preferred Stock may only be redeemed by Registrant with proceeds from one or more sales of Registrant’s qualifying equity securities (“Qualified Equity Offering”). The restrictions on redemption are set forth in Registrant’s Articles of Amendment dated December 2, 2008, described in Item 5.03 below. The Warrant has a 10-year term and is immediately exercisable upon its issuance, with an exercise price, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, equal to $8.63 per share of the Common Stock. A copy of the Warrant is attached as Exhibit 4.2 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. If Registrant receives aggregate gross cash proceeds of not less than $31,260,000 from Qualified Equity Offerings on or prior to December 31, 2009, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Treasury’s exercise of the Warrant will be reduced by one half of the original number of shares, taking into account all adjustments, underlying the Warrant. Treasury has agreed not to exercise voting power with respect to any shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Warrant. The Series A Preferred Stock and the Warrant were issued in a private placement exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Upon the request of the Treasury, at any time, the Registrant has agreed to promptly enter into a deposit arrangement pursuant to which the Series A Preferred Stock may be deposited and depositary shares (“Depositary Shares”), representing fractional shares of Series A Preferred Stock, may be issued. The Registrant also has agreed that, upon the request of the Treasury, at any time, it will register the Series A Preferred Stock, the Warrant, the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrant (the “Warrant Shares”) and Depositary Shares, if any. Neither the Series A Preferred Stock nor the Warrant will be subject to any contractual restrictions on transfer, except that the Treasury may only transfer or exercise an aggregate of one-half (1/2) of the Warrant Shares prior to the earlier of the redemption of 100% of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock or December 31, 2009. Page 2 As part of the sale of Series A Preferred Stock by the Registrant to the Treasury, the Registrant agreed, so long as Treasury continued to hold debt or equity in Registrant, to take all necessary actions to ensure that Registrant’s benefits plans with respect to “senior executive officers” comply with Section 111(b) of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 and any related rules and regulations promulgated. The Senior Executive Officers-W. Swope Montgomery, David B. Spencer, Richard Callicutt, Bill McMurray and Tom Nelson-executed waivers voluntarily waiving any claim against UST or Registrant for any changes their each officer’s compensation or benefits that are required to comply with UST regulations. The senior executive officers also entered into letter agreements with Registrant amending each such officer’s benefit plans to the extent necessary during the period that UST holds debt or equity in Registrant. Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities The information set forth under “Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement” above is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Securityholders Upon issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock on December 5, 2008, the ability of Registrant to declare or pay dividends or distributions on, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for consideration, shares of its Junior Stock (as defined below) and Parity Stock (as defined below) will be subject to restrictions, including Registrant’s restriction against increasing dividends from the last annual cash dividend per share ($0.20) declared on the Common Stock prior to December 5, 2008. The redemption, purchase or other acquisition of any trust preferred securities issued by Registrant or its affiliates also will be restricted. These restrictions will terminate on the earlier of (a) the third anniversary of the date of issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, or (b) the date on which the Series A Preferred Stock has been redeemed in whole or the Treasury has transferred all of the Series A Preferred Stock to third parties. The restrictions described in this paragraph are set forth in the Purchase Agreement. In addition, pursuant to Registrant’s Articles of Amendment dated December 2, 2008, the ability of Registrant to declare or pay dividends or distributions on, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for consideration, shares of its Junior Stock (as defined below) and Parity Stock (as defined below) will be subject to restrictions in the event that the Registrant fails to declare and pay full dividends (or declare and set aside a sum sufficient for payment thereof) on its Series A Preferred Stock. These restrictions are set forth in Registrant’s Articles of Amendment dated December 2, 2008, described in Item 5.03. “Junior Stock” means the Common Stock and any other class or series of stock of the Registrant, the terms of which expressly provide that it ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and/or rights on liquidation, dissolution or winding up on the Registration. “Parity Stock” means any class or series of stock of the Registrant, the terms of which do not expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior or junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and/or rights on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Registrant (in each case without regard to whether dividends accrue cumulatively or non-cumulatively). Page 3 Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers, Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers The information concerning executive compensation set forth under “Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement” is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.02. A copy of the letter agreements amending employment agreements of Registrant’s “senior executive officers” are attached as Exhibits 10.2, 10.3, 10.4, and 10.5 to this Report and are incorporated herein by reference. Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year On December 3, 2008, Registrant filed Articles of Amendment with the North Carolina Secretary of State, amending its Articles of Incorporation to allow for the designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights of the Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share. A copy of the Articles of Amendment is attached to this Report as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 8.01 Other Events On December 8, 2008, Registrant announced the transactions described in Item 1.01 above, which is incorporated herein by reference. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Report. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits (d) Exhibits 3.1 Articles of Amendment dated December 2, 2008, regarding the Series A Preferred Stock 4.1 Form of Certificate for the Series A Preferred Stock 4.2 Warrant dated December 5, 2008, for the purchase of shares of Common Stock 10.1 Letter Agreement date December 5, 2008 by and among the Registrant and the United States Department of the Treasury 10.2 Employment Letter Agreement dated December 5, 2008 by and among BNC Bancorp, Bank of North Carolina and W. Swope Montgomery, Jr. 10.3 Employment Letter Agreement dated December 5, 2008 by and among BNC Bancorp, Bank of North Carolina and David B. Spencer 10.4 Employment Letter Agreement dated December 5, 2008 by and among BNC Bancorp, Bank of North Carolina and Thomas N. Nelson Page 4 10.5 Employment Letter Agreement dated December 5, 2008 by and among BNC Bancorp, Bank of North Carolina and Richard D. Callicutt II 10.6 Employment Letter Agreement dated December 5, 2008 by and among BNC Bancorp, Bank of North Carolina and William Harvey McMurray III 99.1 Press Release dated December 5, 2008 Disclosures About Forward Looking Statements This Report and its exhibits contain statements relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, strategies, trends, projections of results of specific activities or investments, expectations or beliefs about future events or results, and other statements that are not descriptions of historical facts. Those statements may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may be identified by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “expects,” “plans,” “intends,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “forecasts,” “potential” or “continue,” or similar terms or the negative of these terms, or other statements concerning opinions or judgments of our management about future events. Forward-looking information is inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors, which include, but are not limited to, factors discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. Copies of those reports are available directly through Page 5 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. BNC BANCORP Date: December 8, 2008 By: /s/ David B. Spencer David B. Spencer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Page 6 EXHIBIT INDEX 3.1 Articles of Amendment dated December 2, 2008, regarding the Series A Preferred Stock 4.1 Form of Certificate for the Series A Preferred Stock 4.2 Warrant dated December 5, 2008, for the purchase of shares of Common Stock 10.1 Letter Agreement date December 5, 2008 by and among the Registrant and the United States Department of the Treasury 10.2 Employment Letter Agreement dated December 5, 2008 by and among BNC Bancorp, Bank of North Carolina and W. Swope Montgomery, Jr. 10.3 Employment Letter Agreement dated December 5, 2008 by and among BNC Bancorp, Bank of North Carolina and David B. Spencer 10.4 Employment Letter Agreement dated December 5, 2008 by and among BNC Bancorp, Bank of North Carolina and Thomas N. Nelson 10.5 Employment Letter Agreement dated December 5, 2008 by and among BNC Bancorp, Bank of North Carolina and Richard D. Callicutt II 10.6 Employment Letter Agreement dated December 5, 2008 by and among BNC Bancorp, Bank of North Carolina and William Harvey McMurray III 99.1 Press Release dated December 8, 2008 Page 7

===== EX-99.1 dex991.htm PRESS RELEASE =====
Press Release Exhibit 99.1 Press Release Source: BNC Bancorp Contact: W. Swope Montgomery, Jr. President and CEO 336-476-9200 BNC Bancorp Receives $31.3 Million Investment From the U.S. Treasury’s Capital Purchase Program THOMASVILLE, N.C., / — BNC Bancorp (NASDAQ: BNCN), the parent company of Bank of North Carolina, announced that it has received a $31.3 million investment from the U.S. Treasury under the Capital Purchase Program. The transaction is part of the Treasury’s program which is designed to provide capital to healthy, well-managed financial institutions to increase their ability to provide much needed credit to businesses and consumers. The $31.3 million in Senior Preferred shares and warrants to purchase common stock represents 3% of the Company’s risk-weighted assets as of September 30, 2008. BNC Bancorp intends to use the proceeds for general corporate purposes with an emphasis on meeting the credit needs of its customers and communities. “While the Capital Purchase Program is voluntary and BNC Bancorp’s financial health remains strong, we believe it was our responsibility to participate and reward the taxpayers of our communities with an even healthier, more highly capitalized Company. We believe that participation will enable us to better support economic growth in our communities by providing loans to creditworthy businesses and supplying affordable financing to individuals at a time when secondary markets remain in turmoil,” said W. Swope Montgomery, President and CEO. “This capital will also add greater flexibility in considering strategic acquisition, investment, or expansion opportunities that will likely become available as the financial services industry continues to consolidate.” The Senior Preferred shares pay a dividend of 5% per year for the first five years and 9% per year thereafter. The Preferred Stock may be redeemed for 100% of the issue price. However, for a period of three years from the date of investment, the Senior Preferred shares may only be redeemed if 25% of the purchase price is attributable to a qualifying equity offering. In conjunction with the purchase of Senior Preferred shares, the Treasury received a warrant to purchase 543,337 shares of BNC Bancorp common stock with an exercise price of $8.63. The exercise price was calculated based on the average of closing prices of the Company’s common stock on the 20 trading days ending on the last trading day prior to the date of the Treasury’s approval of the Company’s application under the program. BNC Bancorp is the parent Company of Bank of North Carolina, a $1.3 billion commercial bank that provides a complete line of banking and financial services to individuals and businesses through full-service banking offices located in the cities of Thomasville, High Point, Salisbury, Greensboro, Archdale, Lexington, Kernersville, Harrisburg, Welcome and Oak Ridge, North Carolina. In addition, the Bank operates limited service banking offices in Winston-Salem and Mooresville, North Carolina. Bank of North Carolina is insured by the FDIC and is an equal housing lender. BNC Bancorp’s stock is quoted in the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol “BNCN.” CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS From time to time, we make written and oral forward-looking statements within the meaning of certain securities laws, including in this press release, in other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, in reports to shareholders and in other communications. These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements with respect to our objectives for 2006 and beyond, and the medium and long terms strategies to achieve those objectives, as well as statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, both general and specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on these statements as a number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, the strength of the North Carolina economy in general and the strength of the local economies within North Carolina in which we conduct operations; the strength of the United States economy; the effects of changes in monetary and fiscal policy, including changes in interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in the United States; judicial decisions; the effects of competition in the markets in which we operate; inflation; the timely development and introduction of new products and services in receptive markets; the impact of changes in the laws and regulations regulating financial services (including banking, insurance and securities); changes in tax laws; technological changes; our ability to complete strategic acquisitions and to integrate acquisitions; judicial or regulatory proceedings; changes in consumer spending and saving habits; the possible impact on our businesses of international conflicts and other developments including those relating to the war on terrorism; and our anticipation of and success in managing the risks implicated by the foregoing.
