ACCESSION 0001193125-05-226006  FORM 8-K  FILED 20051114  ACCEPTED 20051114172851 ET  COMPANY MICRO THERAPEUTICS INC  ITEMS ['Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement', 'Other Events', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K d8k.htm FORM 8-K =====
Form 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) November 14, 2005 MICRO THERAPEUTICS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 000-06523 33-0569235 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 2 Goodyear, Irvine, California 92618 (Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (949) 837-3700 Not applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement On November 14, 2005, Micro Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ Micro Therapeutics ”), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “ Merger Agreement ”) with ev3 Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ ev3 ”), and Micro Investment, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of ev3 (“ Micro Investment ”). Additionally, in connection with the Merger Agreement, effective November 13, 2005, Micro Therapeutics entered into a Second Amendment to Rights Agreement (the “ Second Amendment ”) with U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation, as Rights Agent, which amended that certain Rights Agreement, dated June 3, 1999, as amended (the “ Rights Agreement ”) between Micro Therapeutics and U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation, as Rights Agent. The Merger Agreement The Merger Agreement provides for the acquisition of the approximately 29.9% of the outstanding shares of common stock of Micro Therapeutics not already owned by ev3 by effecting a merger of Micro Investment with and into Micro Therapeutics, with Micro Therapeutics surviving the merger, as a result of which Micro Therapeutics will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of ev3 (the “ Merger ”). As a result of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of Micro Therapeutics common stock will be exchanged for 0.476289 shares of ev3 common stock. Additionally, the number of shares and exercise prices of outstanding options to purchase Micro Therapeutics common stock will be adjusted based on the foregoing exchange ratio. Such options will be assumed by ev3 and, following the Merger, will represent the right to purchase shares of ev3 common stock. Micro Therapeutics’ Special Independent Committee of the Board of Directors (the “ Special Committee ”) unanimously recommended to the Board of Directors of Micro Therapeutics the approval and execution of the Merger Agreement. The Boards of Directors of Micro Therapeutics and ev3 have approved the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement. Micro Investment, as the holder of approximately 70.1% of Micro Therapeutics’ outstanding common stock, has delivered a written consent approving the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger. As a result, no further stockholder approval for Micro Therapeutics is required to consummate the Merger and Micro Therapeutics does not intend to solicit its stockholders to vote upon the transaction. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants for transactions of a similar nature. Consummation of the Merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including, among others (i) ev3’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 containing a joint prospectus/information statement being declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, (ii) no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other judgment, order or decree which has the effect of prohibiting the consummation of the Merger shall be in effect and (iii) the receipt of an opinion from counsel to the Special Committee that the Merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes. The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Merger does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Second Amendment to Rights Agreement The Second Amendment provides that (i) neither ev3 nor any of its Affiliates or Associates (each as defined in the Rights Agreement), including Micro Investment, shall be deemed an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights Agreement) as a result of the approval and execution of the Merger Agreement or the completion of the transactions contemplated thereunder, (ii) no Stock Acquisition Date, Distribution Date or Trigger Event (each as defined in the Rights Agreement) shall be deemed to have occurred solely as a result of the approval and execution of the Merger Agreement or the completion of the transactions contemplated thereunder and (iii) the Rights Agreement shall automatically terminate immediately prior to the Effective Time (as defined in the Merger Agreement). The foregoing description of the Second Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Second Amendment, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 3 to Micro Therapeutics’ Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2005, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 8.01 Other Events. On November 14, 2005, Micro Therapeutics and ev3 issued a joint press release announcing the signing of the Merger Agreement. A copy of the press release announcing the signing of the Merger Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (c) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 14, 2005, by and among ev3 Inc., Micro Investment, LLC and Micro Therapeutics, Inc. 4.1 Second Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated November 13, 2005, between Micro Therapeutics, Inc. and U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation, as Rights Agent. (Incorporated by reference to Micro Therapeutics’ Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2005). 99.1 Press Release dated November 14, 2005. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. MICRO THERAPEUTICS, INC. November 14, 2005 /s/ Thomas C. Wilder, III Thomas C. Wilder, III, President and Chief Executive Officer EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 14, 2005, by and among ev3 Inc., Micro Investment, LLC and Micro Therapeutics, Inc. 4.1 Second Amendment to Rights Agreement, dated November 13, 2005, between Micro Therapeutics, Inc. and U.S. Stock Transfer Corporation, as Rights Agent. (Incorporated by reference to Micro Therapeutics’ Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 14, 2005). 99.1 Press Release dated November 14, 2005.

===== EX-99.1 dex991.htm PRESS RELEASE =====
Press Release Exhibit 99.1 CONTACTS: Patrick D. Spangler, CFO ev3 Inc. 4600 Nathan Lane North Plymouth, Minnesota 55442 (763) 398-7000 pspangler@ev3.net Thomas C. Wilder, CEO Micro Therapeutics, Inc. 2 Goodyear Irvine, California 92618 (949) 837-3700 Rob Whetstone/Robert Jaffe PondelWilkinson Inc. 310/279-5963 ev3 Inc. and Micro Therapeutics, Inc. Announce Merger Agreement ev3 Inc. to Acquire Approximately 29.9% of Shares Not Already Owned Plymouth, MN and Irvine, CA – November 14, 2005 – ev3 Inc. (NASDAQ: EVVV), a global endovascular device company, and Micro Therapeutics, Inc. (MTI) (NASDAQ: MTIX), an endovascular medical device company focused on neurovascular disease and disorders, announced today that they have entered into an agreement pursuant to which a wholly owned subsidiary of ev3 would be merged with MTI. The agreement followed the unanimous recommendation of the special independent committee of the MTI board of directors and was unanimously approved by the MTI and ev3 boards of directors. ev3, which currently owns approximately 70.1% of MTI’s common stock through a wholly owned subsidiary, would acquire all MTI shares that it does not presently own in a tax-free transaction. As a result of the execution of the merger agreement, ev3 no longer intends to commence the previously announced exchange offer for the MTI shares that it does not own. Under the merger agreement, MTI stockholders would receive 0.476289 of a share of ev3 common stock for each share of MTI common stock that they own. This exchange ratio represents a 4% increase in the number of ev3 shares to be issued to each MTI stockholder from the proposed exchange ratio announced on October 10, 2005 in connection with ev3’s initial proposal to MTI. ev3 would issue approximately 6.9 million new shares of its common stock to MTI public stockholders upon the closing of the transaction, bringing ev3’s total pro forma outstanding shares to approximately 56.1 million. In addition, ev3 would assume all of the outstanding options to purchase MTI common stock under MTI’s stock option plans. ev3 and MTI expect to file materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to mail an information statement/prospectus to MTI stockholders as soon as practicable thereafter. As the majority stockholder of MTI, ev3 has executed a written consent approving the merger, which is the only stockholder approval necessary or required to complete the transaction under applicable law or the merger agreement. As a result, MTI will not be soliciting its stockholders to vote upon the transaction. The transaction, which is otherwise subject to customary conditions, is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2006. About ev3 Inc. ev3 Inc. is a global medical device company focused on endovascular technologies for the minimally invasive treatment of vascular diseases and disorders. ev3 and the ev3 logo are trademarks of ev3 Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. About Micro Therapeutics, Inc. MTI develops, manufactures and markets minimally invasive medical devices for the diagnosis and treatment of vascular disease. The company is focused on catheter-based, or endovascular, technologies for the minimally invasive treatment of neurovascular disorders of the brain associated with stroke. MTI’s products include: the NXT and Nexus lines of embolic coils; the Onyx ® liquid embolic; and a range of access and delivery products that include micro delivery catheters, balloon catheters, and guidewires. Forward-Looking Statements . Statements contained in this press release that are not historical information are forward-looking statements as defined within the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied. Such risks and uncertainties include: the result of the review of the transaction by various regulatory agencies and any conditions imposed on ev3 in connection with consummation of the transaction; satisfaction of various conditions to the closing of the transaction; existing and possible future litigation relating to the transaction; and the risks that are described from time to time in ev3’s and MTI’s respective reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, as such reports may have been amended. Neither ev3 nor MTI undertakes any obligation to publicly release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements, which may be made to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Additional Information About the Merger and Where to Find It . In connection with the transaction, a registration statement on Form S-4, containing an information statement/prospectus, will be filed with the SEC. MTI STOCKHOLDERS ARE ENCOURAGED TO READ THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC, INCLUDING THE INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS THAT WILL BE PART OF THE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THE TRANSACTION. The final information statement/prospectus will be mailed to stockholders of MTI. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain the registration statement containing the information statement/prospectus (and the filings with the SEC that will be incorporated by reference into such documents) free of charge at the SEC’s web site, www.sec.gov, or from ev3 Investor Relations at (763) 398-7000 or MTI Investor Relations at (949) 837-3700.
