ACCESSION 0001206774-14-000353  FORM 8-K  FILED 20140129  ACCEPTED 20140129161244 ET  COMPANY STARBUCKS CORP  ITEMS ['Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers', 'Regulation FD Disclosure', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K starbucks_8k.htm CURRENT REPORT =====
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 29, 2014 Starbucks Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Washington 0-20322 91-1325671 (State of Incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 2401 Utah Avenue South, Seattle, Washington 98134 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (206) 447-1575 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On January 29, 2014, Starbucks Corporation (the “ Company ” or “ Starbucks ”) issued a press release announcing a new leadership structure to bolster the company’s financial and operating organization globally. In the new structure, Troy Alstead will be promoted to chief operating officer and Scott Maw will be promoted to executive vice president and chief financial officer. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1. Effective February 3, 2014, Troy Alstead, chief financial officer and group president, Global Business Services, will be promoted to chief operating officer, responsible for overseeing day-to-day operations of the enterprise. In his new capacity, Mr. Alstead will continue to report to Howard Schultz, chairman, president and ceo, and will be responsible for aligning and prioritizing company investments across business units. Reporting to Mr. Alstead in his new role will be Cliff Burrows, group president, U.S., Americas and Teavana; John Culver, group president, China Asia Pacific, Channel Development and Emerging Brands; Scott Maw, executive vice president and chief financial officer; and his existing senior direct reports. Mr. Alstead will also assume responsibility for oversight of the EMEA (Europe, Middle East & Africa) business segment and will continue to have responsibility for the Global Technology and Global Supply Chain Organizations. Mr. Alstead, age 50, joined Starbucks in 1992 and has served as chief financial officer and group president, Global Business Services since September 2013. Mr. Alstead previously served as chief financial officer and chief administrative officer from November 2008 to September 2013; chief operating officer, Starbucks Greater China from April 2008 to October 2008; senior vice president, Global Finance and Business Operations from August 2007 to April 2008; and senior vice president, Corporate Finance from September 2004 to August 2007. Mr. Alstead served in a number of other senior positions with Starbucks prior to 2004. In connection with Mr. Alstead’s promotion, the Compensation & Management Development Committee (“ CMDC ”) of the Board of Directors of the Company approved an annualized base salary of $900,000, an annual bonus target under the Company’s Executive Management Bonus Plan of 120% of base salary and an equity grant with an economic value of $1,250,000. The equity grant will consist of approximately 50% stock options that vest annually over 4 years and 50% time-vesting restricted stock units (“ RSUs ”) that vest in equal tranches on the second and fourth anniversaries of the grant date. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to Mr. Alstead’s Letter Agreement dated January 29, 2014 which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference. Also effective February 3, 2014, Scott Maw, age 46, svp, Corporate Finance, will be promoted to executive vice president and chief financial officer and will serve as the Company’s principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. In his new role, Mr. Maw will report to Mr. Alstead and oversee the Company’s global finance function. Mr. Maw joined Starbucks in August 2011 and has served as svp, Corporate Finance since October 2012. From August 2011 to October 2012, he served as global controller. Prior to joining Starbucks, Mr. Maw served as chief financial officer of SeaBright Insurance Company from February 2010 to August 2011. From October 2008 to February 2010 Mr. Maw served as chief financial officer of the Consumer Banking division of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He has also held various finance leadership positions at General Electric and the Retail Banking division of Washington Mutual. In connection with Mr. Maw’s promotion, the CMDC approved an annualized base salary of $550,000, an annual bonus target under the Executive Management Bonus Plan of 75% of base salary and an equity grant with an economic value of $600,000. The equity grant will consist of approximately 50% stock options and 50% time-vesting RSUs, each with the same vesting terms as the grants to Mr. Alstead. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to Mr. Maw’s Letter Agreement dated January 29, 2014 which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.2 and incorporated herein by reference. There is no arrangement or understanding between either Mr. Alstead or Mr. Maw and any other person pursuant to which either of them were selected as an officer. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers (including Mr. Alstead and Mr. Maw). Neither Mr. Alstead nor Mr. Maw has an interest in any transaction since the beginning of the Company’s last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, that requires disclosure pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 2 Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. A copy of the Company’s press release relating to the foregoing announcements, dated January 29, 2014, is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits: Exhibit Number Description 10.1 Letter Agreement dated January 29, 2014 between Starbucks Corporation and Troy Alstead 10.2 Letter Agreement dated January 29, 2014 between Starbucks Corporation and Scott Maw 99.1 Press Release dated January 29, 2014 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. STARBUCKS CORPORATION Dated: January 29, 2014 By: /s/ Lucy Lee Helm Name: Lucy Lee Helm Title: executive vice president, general counsel and secretary EXHIBIT INDEX Index Number Description 10.1 Letter Agreement dated January 29, 2014 between Starbucks Corporation and Troy Alstead 10.2 Letter Agreement dated January 29, 2014 between Starbucks Corporation and Scott Maw 99.1 Press Release dated January 29, 2014

===== EX-99.1 exhibit99-1.htm PRESS RELEASE DATED JANUARY 29, 2014 =====
Starbucks Strengthens Senior Leadership Team New Structure to Bolster Financial and Operating Organization Globally ceo Howard Schultz Expands Focus on Innovation and Next Generation Retailing and Payments Initiatives cfo Troy Alstead promoted to chief operating officer svp of Corporate Finance Scott Maw promoted to executive vice president and cfo Craig Russell promoted to executive vice president, Global Coffee SEATTLE (January 29, 2014) – Building on record performance in FY 2013 and Q1 FY 2014, Starbucks Coffee Company (NASDAQ: SBUX) today announced a new leadership structure that positions the company to leverage its assets and operations, and gain maximum benefit from the retail, consumer, mobile and digital shifts currently underway in the global marketplace. The company will host a conference call with the financial community to discuss the changes at 2pm PT this afternoon. “These organizational moves map our internal talent to the rapidly evolving retail environment and significant strategic and market opportunities ahead of us,” said Howard Schultz, Starbucks chairman, president and ceo. “Each of these experienced Starbucks leaders will be working closely with the entire senior leadership team, and me, to bring even greater financial and operational discipline to our business around the world. They will partner with me as I focus on Starbucks mission, growth initiatives and the convergence and integration of our retail and e-commerce, digital, card and mobile assets around the world. There has never been a more exciting time to be a Starbucks partner,” Schultz added. The company announced today the following senior leadership changes which are effective on February 3, 2014: Schultz to Expand Focus on Innovation and Next Generation Retailing and Payments Initiatives In partnership with Starbucks senior leadership team, including chief digital officer Adam Brotman and chief strategy officer Matt Ryan, Schultz will expand his focus on innovation in coffee, tea and the Starbucks Experience as well as next generation retailing and payments initiatives in the areas of digital, mobile, card, loyalty and e-commerce to position Starbucks for its next wave of global growth. He will also continue to work closely with his Senior Leadership Team to ensure continued disciplined growth and operational excellence around the world. Troy Alstead Promoted to chief operating officer Building on his 22 years of experience as a Starbucks partner, Troy Alstead will be promoted to the newly created position of chief operating officer (coo), responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations of the enterprise. Alstead previously served as Starbucks chief financial officer and group president, Global Business Services. In his new capacity, Alstead will continue to report to Schultz and will be responsible for aligning and prioritizing company investments across business units. Group presidents Cliff Burrows (U.S., Americas and Teavana), John Culver (China Asia Pacific, Channel Development and Emerging Brands) and EMEA president Kris Engskov will now report directly to Alstead (Burrows and Culver previously reported to Schultz; Engskov previously reported to Burrows). Also reporting to Alstead in his new role is the company’s new chief financial officer (see below), as well as his existing senior direct reports who lead the company’s Global Technology and Global Supply Chain Organizations. Alstead joined Starbucks in 1992 when the company was privately held and operated just over 100 stores in the U.S. and Canada. Today Starbucks operates more than 20,000 stores in 63 countries. Over the years Alstead has held numerous roles of progressing responsibility in finance and general management at the domestic, international and enterprise levels. He was also one of the original members of Starbucks international team, which included senior leadership roles in EMEA and China. Scott Maw Promoted to executive vice president and chief financial officer Starbucks senior vice president of Corporate Finance, Scott Maw, will be promoted to executive vice president and chief financial officer. Maw will report to Alstead and have oversight for Starbucks global finance function. He joined Starbucks as global controller in 2011 and brings more than two decades of finance leadership experience to his new role. Prior to Starbucks, Maw served as cfo of SeaBright Insurance and as cfo of the Consumer Banking division at JPMorgan Chase. He has also held various finance leadership positions at GE and the Retail Banking division of Washington Mutual. Craig Russell Promoted to executive vice president, Global Coffee Craig Russell, Starbucks voice and advocate for coffee, will be promoted to executive vice president, Global Coffee. He previously served as senior vice president for the same function which he was appointed to in 2012. Russell will continue to report to Schultz and continue to lead all aspects of the company’s coffee strategy, quality, innovation, purchasing, education and engagement. His team also oversees Starbucks Farmer Support Centers and works closely with the company’s supply chain operations and global responsibility teams to advance the company’s ethical sourcing efforts. Russell joined Starbucks in 2001 as vice president of retail operations for Seattle’s Best Coffee. His tenure at Starbucks builds on nearly 15 years of restaurant management experience. Conference Call Starbucks will hold a conference call today at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time to discuss its new leadership structure, which will be hosted by Schultz. The call will be webcast and can be accessed at http://investor.starbucks.com. A replay of the webcast will be available through approximately 9:00 p.m. Pacific Time on Thursday, February 27, 2014. About Starbucks Since 1971, Starbucks Coffee Company has been committed to ethically sourcing and roasting high-quality arabica coffee. Today, with stores around the globe, the company is the premier roaster and retailer of specialty coffee in the world. Through our unwavering commitment to excellence and our guiding principles, we bring the unique Starbucks Experience to life for every customer through every cup. To share in the experience, please visit us in our stores or online at www.starbucks.com.
