ACCESSION 0001125282-04-005521  FORM 8-K  FILED 20041104  ACCEPTED 20041104115517 ET  COMPANY PXRE GROUP LTD  ITEMS ['Other Events', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K b402049_8k.txt FORM 8-K =====
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 November 4, 2004 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) PXRE GROUP LTD. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Bermuda 1-15259 98-0214719 (State or other jurisdiction (Commission (I.R.S. Employer of incorporation or organization) File No.) Identification No.) PXRE House P.O. Box HM 1282 110 Pitts Bay Road Hamilton HM FX Pembroke HM 08 Bermuda Bermuda (Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices) (Mailing address) (441) 296-5858 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) NOT APPLICABLE (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): [ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) ITEM 8.01. OTHER EVENTS On November 4, 2004, PXRE Group Ltd. (the " Company ") issued a press release (the " Press Release ") announcing a public offering of common shares. A copy of the Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 to this Form 8-K. ITEM 9.01. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS (c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release of PXRE Group Ltd. dated November 4, 2004. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. PXRE GROUP LTD. --------------- (Registrant) By: /s/ Jeffrey L. Radke ----------------------------------------- Name: Jeffrey L. Radke Title: President & Chief Executive Officer Date: November 4, 2004

===== EX-99.1 b402049_ex99-1.txt PRESS RELEASE =====
Exhibit 99.1 Contact: Investors: PXRE Group Ltd. KCSA Worldwide John Modin Michael Cimini Chief Financial Officer 212-896-1233 441-296-5858 mcimini@kcsa.com john.modin@pxre.com PXRE Group Ltd. NEWS RELEASE PXRE House [PXRE LOGO] 110 Pitts Bay Road, Pembroke HM 08 Bermuda 441 296 5858 441 296 6162 FAX PXRE ANNOUNCES $100 MILLION PUBLIC COMMON SHARE OFFERING -------------------- HAMILTON, Bermuda -- (PR Newswire) - November 4, 2004 -- PXRE Group Ltd. (NYSE: PXT) today announced that it and certain selling shareholders expect to make a public offering of its common shares having an aggregate selling price of approximately $100 million (4.08 million shares at the closing price on the NYSE on November 3, 2004) in November 2004. Of these common shares, 85% are to be offered by PXRE and 15% are to be offered by the Company's preferred shareholders. The common shares will be offered by the Company and the preferred shareholders under the terms of a shelf registration statement that has been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Credit Suisse First Boston will be sole book-runner and joint lead with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Co-Managers will be Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC, Fox-Pitt, Kelton and Lazard. The underwriters in the offering are expected to have an option to purchase up to an additional 15% of the number of common shares being sold in the offering from the Company, solely to cover over-allotments, if any. The Company will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the common shares by the preferred shareholders. The Company will contribute the net proceeds it receives from the offering to PXRE Reinsurance Ltd. to support the underwriting of additional business that it expects to be presented during the January 1, 2005 renewal period. Copies of the prospectus supplement relating to the offering may be obtained from Credit Suisse First Boston LLC, Prospectus Department, One Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10010 (telephone no. 212-325-2580). PXRE - with operations in Bermuda, Barbados, the United States and Europe - provides reinsurance products and services to a worldwide marketplace. The Company's primary focus is providing property catastrophe reinsurance and retrocessional coverage. The Company also provides marine, aviation and aerospace products and services. The Company's shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "PXT." Statements in this release that are not strictly historical are forward-looking and are based upon current expectations and assumptions of management. Statements included herein, as well as statements made by or on behalf of PXRE in its communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, phone calls and conference calls, which are not historical in nature are intended to be, and are hereby identified as, "forward-looking statements" for purposes of the safe harbor provided by Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. These forward-looking statements, identified by words such as "intend," "believe," "anticipate," or "expects" or variations of such words or similar expressions are based on current expectations, speak only as of the date hereof, and are subject to risk and uncertainties. In light of the risks and uncertainties inherent in all future projections, these forward-looking statements in this report should not be considered as a representation by us or any other person that the Company's objectives or plans will be achieved. The Company cautions investors and analysts that actual results or events could differ materially from those set forth or implied by the forward-looking statements and related assumptions, depending on the outcome of certain important factors including, but not limited to, the following: (i) because of exposure to catastrophes, PXRE's financial results may vary significantly from period to period; (ii) The Company may be overexposed to losses in certain geographic areas for certain types of catastrophe events; (iii) PXRE operates in a highly competitive environment; (iv) reinsurance prices may decline, which could affect the Company's profitability; (v) underwriting reinsurance includes the application of judgment, the assessment of probabilities and outcomes, and assumption of correlations, which are subject to inherent uncertainties; (vi) reserving for losses includes significant estimates which are also subject to inherent uncertainties; (vii) a decline in the credit rating assigned to the Company's claim-paying ability may impact its potential to write new or renewal business; (viii) a decline in the Company's ratings may require us to transfer premiums retained by us into a beneficiary trust or may allow clients to terminate their contract with us; (ix) The Company's investment portfolio is subject to market and credit risks which could result in a material adverse impact on its financial position or results; (x) because PXRE depends on a few reinsurance brokers for a large portion of revenue, loss of business provided by them could adversely affect us; and the Company's reliance on reinsurance brokers exposes us to their credit risk; (xi) The Company may be adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations; (xii) retrocessional reinsurance subjects us to credit risk and may become unavailable on acceptable terms; (xiii) the impairment of the Company's ability to provide collateral to cedents could affect its ability to offer reinsurance in certain markets; (xiv) the reinsurance business is historically cyclical, and the Company may experience periods with excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates; conversely, PXRE may have a shortage of underwriting capacity when premium rates are strong; (xv) regulatory constraints may restrict the Company's ability to operate its business; (xvi) contention by the United States Internal Revenue Service that the Company or its offshore subsidiaries are subject to U.S. taxation could result in a material adverse impact on the Company's financial position or results; and (xvii) changes in tax laws, tax treaties, tax rules and interpretations could result in a material adverse impact on the Company's financial position or results. In addition to the factors outlined above that are directly related to PXRE's business, PXRE is also subject to general business risks, including, but not limited to, adverse state, federal or foreign legislation and regulation, adverse publicity or news coverage, changes in general economic factors, the loss of key employees and other factors set forth in PXRE's SEC filings. The factors listed above should not be construed as exhaustive. Therefore, actual results or outcomes may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. PXRE undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events (including catastrophe events), or otherwise. -END-
