ACCESSION 0001144204-14-014826  FORM 8-K  FILED 20140311  ACCEPTED 20140311160948 ET  COMPANY REGENERX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC  ITEMS ['Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement', 'Regulation FD Disclosure', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K v371262_8k.htm FORM 8-K =====
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 7, 2014 REGENERX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 001-15070 52-1253406 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 15245 Shady Grove Road, Suite 470 Rockville, MD 20850 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (301) 208-9191 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: o Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) o Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) o Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On March 7, 2014, RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into three agreements with Digital Aria Co., Ltd., headquartered in Gyeonggi-do, Korea (“DA”). The three agreements include two Licensing Agreements for the license of territorial rights to two of the Company’s Thymosin Beta 4 (“Tβ4”)-based products candidates, RGN-259 and RGN-137 (collectively, the “License Agreements”). The third agreement is a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Securities Purchase Agreement” and, collectively with the License Agreements, the “Agreements”) under which DA agreed to purchase up to $2,350,000 of the Company’s common stock and received an option to purchase an additional $825,000 of common stock, over the next eleven months. The parties had previously executed a term sheet under which DA paid the Company $150,000, which was reported on Form 8-K on February 14, 2014. Under the License Agreement for RGN-259 (the “259 License Agreement”), the Company’s preservative-free eye drop product candidate, DA will have the right to develop and commercialize RGN-259 in certain Asian countries (excluding China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Macau). These rights will be exclusive in Korea, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Brunei, Cambodia, East Timor, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Mongolia, Myanmar (Burma), Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, and Kazakhstan, and semi-exclusive in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan (collectively, the “259 Territory”). Under the 259 License Agreement, the Company is eligible to receive aggregate potential milestone payments of up to $3.5 million. In addition, the Company will receive royalties of a low double digit percentage of any commercial sales of the Company’s licensed product sold by DA in the 259 Territory. Under the License Agreement for RGN-137 (the “137 License Agreement”), the Company’s topical dermal gel product candidate, DA will have the exclusive right to develop and commercialize RGN-137 in the U.S. (the “137 Territory”). Under the 137 License Agreement, the Company is eligible to receive aggregate potential milestone payments of up to $3.5 million. In addition, the Company will receive royalties of a low double digit percentage of any commercial sales of the Company’s licensed product sold by DA in the 137 Territory. Each License Agreement contains diligence provisions requiring the initiation of certain clinical trials within certain time periods that, if not met, would result in the loss of rights. DA will pay for all developmental costs associated with each product candidate. The Company will provide a certain limited amount of Tβ4 to DA at no charge for initial clinical trials in Korea, Japan and Australia for RGN-259 and in the U.S. for RGN-137, and will provide Tβ4 to DA for all other developmental and clinical work on a cost plus basis. RegeneRx will have the exclusive manufacturing and supply rights for Tβ4 in the respective territories and the parties will negotiate in good faith to enter into an exclusive supply agreement for Tβ4 as soon as practicable. RegeneRx will also have the right to exclusively license, on a royalty free basis, any improvements made by DA to RegeneRx’s product candidates outside of the licensed territory. The two firms will create a joint development committee to discuss and agree on the development of the licensed product candidates and share information relating thereto. Both companies will also share all non-clinical and clinical data and other information related to development of the licensed product candidates. Under the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, DA has committed to purchase $2.35 million of RegeneRx common stock for a purchase price of $0.12 per share. Of the $2.35 million, DA agreed to purchase $1.35 million by March 28, 2014 and $1.0 million by August 31, 2014. DA also has the right to purchase an additional 5.5 million shares of common stock at a purchase price of $0.15 per share (for an aggregate purchase price of $825,000) until January 31, 2015. Retention of the licensed rights by DA requires the completion of the committed common stock purchases on the above timelines. The foregoing summaries of the Agreements are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the respective Agreements, which will be filed as exhibits to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2014. Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. On March 7, 2014, the Company issued a press release announcing the execution of the Agreements. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report. Forward-Looking Statements Any statements in this Current Report on Form 8-K that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements made under the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include statements concerning the timing of the planned stock purchases by DA, the development and potential future commercialization of RGN-137 and RGN-259, the possible future milestone payments and equity purchase, the future development and commercialization of the Company’s product candidates and the future payment of milestone payments or royalties to the Company. Any forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially different from historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that any issued patents held by the Company or patent applications filed by the Company will result in future value. There can also be no assurance that any license agreement or product development program undertaken by RegeneRx or its licensees will be commercially successful. Please view these and other risks described in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including those identified in the “Risk Factors” section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and subsequent quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q, as well as other filings it makes with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements in this press release represent the Company’s views only as of the date of this release and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date. The Company specifically disclaims any obligation to update this information, as a result of future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 99.1 Press Release, dated March 7, 2014. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. REGENERX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC. By: /s/ J.J. Finkelstein J.J. Finkelstein President and Chief Executive Officer Date: March 11, 2014 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Description 99.1 Press Release, dated March 7, 2014.

===== EX-99.1 v371262_ex99-1.htm EXHIBIT 99.1 =====
Exhibit 99.1 RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals Inc. 15245 Shady Grove Road, Suite 470 Rockville, Maryland 20850 PHONE 301.208.9191 FAX 301.208.9194 WEB www.regenerx.com News Release RegeneRx and Digital Aria Sign Product License and Stock Purchase Agreements ROCKVILLE, Md. (March 7, 2014) – RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (OTC: RGRX) (“the Company” or “RegeneRx”) today announced that it has entered into two product license agreements with Digital Aria Co., Ltd., headquartered in Gyeonggi-do, Korea, for Digital Aria to develop RegeneRx's RGN-259 preservative-free eye drop product candidate in Asia (excluding China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Macau), and its RGN-137 topical dermal gel product candidate in the U.S. Digital Aria will also make an equity investment into RegeneRx of $2.35 million enabling RegeneRx to move forward with its ophthalmic clinical program, and retains a 10-month option to purchase additional common stock for $825,000. Digital Aria previously paid $150,000 to RegeneRx pursuant to a term sheet signed in February. License terms include commercial milestone payments of up to $7 million and a double digit royalty on commercial sales, if any. Digital Aria will be required to initiate Phase 2 clinical trials in the U.S. and Australia within three years. RegeneRx will receive a royalty-free license outside of the licensed territories to any improvements made by Digital Aria to RegeneRx’s product candidates. The license will be exclusive in the U.S. with respect to RGN-137. With respect to RGN-259, it will be exclusive in Korea, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Brunei, Cambodia, East Timor, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Mongolia, Myanmar (Burma), Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, and Kazakhstan, and semi-exclusive in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan. Digital Aria will pay for all costs associated with the development of any potential product within the licensed territories. RegeneRx retains the manufacturing and supply rights for Tβ4 (the active pharmaceutical ingredient in the licensed product candidates) in the licensed territories. Digital Aria has committed to purchase $2.35 million of RegeneRx common stock for a price of $0.12 per share. Of the $2.35 million, $1.35 million will be purchased by March 28, 2014 and $1.0 million will be purchased by August 31, 2014. Digital Aria also has the right to purchase an additional 5.5 million shares of common stock at $0.15 per share ($825,000) until January 31, 2015. “We look forward to working closely with our colleagues at Digital Aria to develop our Tβ4-based product candidates in the licensed territories and will support their efforts in every way possible. We are also pleased that we will be securing enough capital to continue development of RGN-259 in dry eye and neurotrophic keratopathy (NK). With the recent orphan designation for Tβ4 in the U.S., we are evaluating the best and most rapid path for development of RGN-259 for NK. Moreover, with product development efforts in China and the U.S., and as a result of this collaboration with Digital Aria in Korea and other countries, we feel that development efforts among three independent companies (which includes Lee’s Pharmaceuticals in China) will give all of us a better opportunity for success,” stated J.J. Finkelstein, RegeneRx’s president and chief executive officer. "We are very proud and pleased to enter into this global long-term co-development collaboration with RegeneRx for RGN-259 and RGN-137. I strongly believe that a partnership with the recognized leader of Tβ4-based product candidates will significantly enhance Digital Aria’s ability to transform into an outstanding biopharmaceutical firm from a current well-established IT company in Korea in a timely manner. We will seek to commercialize innovative RGN-259 dry eye drops in 28 countries of Asian and Pacific regions including Japan, South Korea and Australia. Furthermore, Digital Aria currently has in place sufficient financial resources to continue to develop RGN-137 in the U.S. for dermal wound healing, especially the orphan indication Epidermolysis Bullosa,” stated Ill Park, chief executive officer of Digital Aria. About RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (www.regenerx.com) RegeneRx is focused on the development of a novel therapeutic peptide, Thymosin beta 4, for tissue and organ protection, repair and regeneration. RegeneRx currently has three drug candidates in clinical development for ophthalmic, cardiac and dermal indications, strategic licensing agreements in China, the EU, and in other Pan Asia countries, including Korea, Japan and Australia, and has an extensive worldwide patent portfolio covering its products. The Company also has developed several peptides that it believes may be useful improving aging skin in the cosmeceutical field. About Digital Aria Co., Ltd. (www.digitalaria.com) Digital Aria is one of the major players in the IT software industry in Korea with strong IP positions addressing specific software tools and apps such as optimized multimedia software for smart phones. Based on a foundation of distinguished success achieved in the IT software market, Digital Aria made a key strategic decision last November to participate in the innovative biopharmaceutical business through carefully selected strategic alliances with distinguished leading bio-venture companies in the US and EU. The collaboration with RegeneRx is the first strategic investment in its progressive challenge to create a multi-national biopharmaceutical company. 2 Forward-Looking Statements Any statements in this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements made under the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include statements concerning the timing of the planned stock purchases by Digital Aria, the development and potential future commercialization of RGN-137 and RGN-259, the possible future milestone payments the and equity purchase, the future development and commercialization of the Company’s product candidates and the future payment of milestone payments or royalties to the Company. Any forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to be materially different from historical results or from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance that any issued patents held by the Company or patent applications filed by the Company will result in future value. There can also be no assurance that any license agreement or product development program undertaken by RegeneRx or its licensees will be commercially successful. Please view these and other risks described in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including those identified in the “Risk Factors” section of the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and subsequent quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q, as well as other filings it makes with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements in this press release represent the Company’s views only as of the date of this release and should not be relied upon as representing its views as of any subsequent date. The Company specifically disclaims any obligation to update this information, as a result of future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. # # # For RegeneRx: Lori Smith 301.208.9191 las@regenerx.com 3
