ACCESSION 0001005794-06-000480  FORM 8-K  FILED 20061103  ACCEPTED 20061102202558 ET  COMPANY CBRL GROUP INC  ITEMS ['Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement', 'Regulation FD Disclosure', 'Financial Statements and Exhibits']

===== 8-K cbrl-logas8knovember32006.htm CBRL GROUP, INC. FORM 8-K NOVEMBER 3, 2006 =====
CBRL Group, Inc. Form 8-K November 3, 2006 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): October 30, 2006 CBRL GROUP, INC. Tennessee 0-25225 62-1749513 (State or Other Jurisdiction (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer of Incorporation) Identification No.) 305 Hartmann Drive, Lebanon, Tennessee 37087 (615) 444-5533 Check the appropriate box if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: [ ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [ ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [ ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement Stock Purchase Agreement On October 30, 2006, CBRL Group, Inc., a Tennessee corporation (the “Company”), entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Stock Purchase Agreement”) with LRI Holdings, Inc. (“LRI”). Pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Logan’s Roadhouse, Inc. (“Logan’s”) will be sold to LRI. LRI is owned by a consortium of private investment funds affiliated with Bruckmann, Rosser, Sherrill & Co. Inc. and of Canyon Capital Advisors LLC . Total consideration in the transaction is $486 million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments, for working capital, indebtedness and capital expenditures. This amount includes the anticipated gross proceeds from a real estate sale-leaseback transaction to be undertaken by Logan’s and closed simultaneously with the sale of Logan’s to LRI. LRI has obtained and furnished to the Company equity and debt financing commitments for the transactions contemplated by the Stock Purchase Agreement, the aggregate proceeds of which will be sufficient for LRI to pay (with the exception of the anticipated proceeds of the sale-leaseback, which is being financed separately) the consideration required by the Stock Purchase Agreement and all related fees and expenses. Consummation of the sale of Logan’s to LRI is not subject to a financing condition, but is subject to various other conditions, including expiration or termination of applicable waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, receipt of various permits relating to the sale of alcoholic beverages and other customary closing conditions. The parties expect to close the transaction on or before November 30, 2006. The Stock Purchase Agreement has a termination date of December 31, 2006, which can be extended by either of the parties in the event certain conditions have not been satisfied prior to that time. The foregoing summary of the Stock Purchase Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Stock Purchase Agreement filed herewith as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference. Sale-Leaseback Agreements On October 30, 2006, in connection with entering into the Stock Purchase Agreement with LRI, Logan’s entered into the following agreements (the “Sale-Leaseback Documents”) with respect to 64 Logan’s locations under which Logan’s would receive $210 million in expected gross proceeds which, after deducting transaction costs paid by Logan’s, would be paid to the Company in satisfaction of inter-company debt, as a dividend or as a return of capital: 2 · Agreement for Purchase and Sale between Logan's, as Seller, and Wachovia Development Corporation, or its assigns, as Buyer, dated October 30, 2006, together with all documents, agreements, instruments and written deliverables to be executed and/or delivered in conjunction with the closing under the foregoing agreement, and including, in any event, the related form of lease attached thereto (the “Wachovia Sale-Leaseback Document”). · Agreement for Purchase and Sale between Logan's, as Seller, and Trustreet Properties, Inc., or its assigns, as Buyer, dated October 30, 2006, together with all documents, agreements, instruments and written deliverables to be executed and/or delivered in conjunction with the closing under the foregoing agreement, and including, in any event, the related form of lease attached thereto. · Agreement for Purchase and Sale between Logan's, as Seller, and National Retail Properties, Inc., or its assigns, as Buyer, dated October 30, 2006, together with all documents, agreements, instruments and written deliverables to be executed and/or delivered in conjunction with the closing under the foregoing agreement, and including, in any event, the related form of lease attached thereto. Consummation of the sale of the Logan’s properties pursuant to the Sale-Leaseback Documents is subject to customary closing conditions, including title and other requirements. The parties expect to close the transaction on or before November 30, 2006. The foregoing summary of the Sale-Leaseback Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Wachovia Sale-Leaseback Document filed herewith as Exhibit 2.2 and incorporated herein by reference. Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. On October 30, 2006, CBRL Group, Inc. issued the press release that is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which by this reference is incorporated herein as if copied verbatim, reporting its entry into an agreement to sell all of the outstanding stock of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Logan’s Roadhouse, Inc. On October 31, 2006, CBRL Group, Inc. issued the press release that is furnished as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which by this reference is incorporated herein as if copied verbatim, reporting comparable store sales for the five-week period ending October 27, 2006. 3 Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 30, 2006 between CBRL Group, Inc. and LRI Holdings, Inc. 2.2 Agreement for Purchase and Sale between Logan's Roadhouse, Inc., as Seller, and Wachovia Development Corporation, or its assigns, as Buyer, dated October 30, 2006. 2.3 Agreement for Purchase and Sale between Logan's Roadhouse, Inc., as Seller, and Trustreet Properties, Inc., or its assigns, as Buyer, dated October 30, 2006. * 2.4 Agreement for Purchase and Sale between Logan's Roadhouse, Inc., as Seller, and National Retail Properties, Inc., or its assigns, as Buyer, dated October 30, 2006. * 99.1 Press Release issued by CBRL Group, Inc. dated October 30, 2006. 99.2 Press Release issued by CBRL Group, Inc. dated October 31, 2006. * Document not filed because substantially identical to Exhibit 2.2. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Dated: November 2, 2006 CBRL GROUP, INC. By: /s/ N.B. Forrest Shoaf Name: N.B. Forrest Shoaf Title: Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel 4

===== EX-99.1 pressrelease10302006.htm CBRL GROUP, INC. PRESS RELEASE ISSUED OCTOBER 30, 2006 =====
CBRL Group, Inc. Press Release Issued October 30, 2006 POST OFFICE BOX 787 [CBRL GROUP, INC. LOGO] LEBANON, TENNESSEE 0; 37088-0787 0; PHONE 615.443.9869 CBRL GROUP,INC. Investor Contact: Diana S. Wynne Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs (615) 443-9837 Media Contact: Julie K. Davis Director Corporate Communications (615) 443-9266 CBRL GROUP, INC. AGREES TO SELL LOGAN’S ROADHOUSE, INC. TO PRIVATE INVESTMENT FIRMS LEBANON, TENN. - October 30, 2006 - CBRL Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: CBRL) (“CBRL” or the “Company”), today announced that it has executed a definitive agreement to sell its subsidiary, Logan’s Roadhouse, Inc. (“Logan’s”), to LRI Holdings, Inc. (“LRI”), an affiliate of Bruckmann, Rosser, Sherrill & Co., Inc. (“BRS”), a New York-based private equity investment firm with approximately $1.2 billion in funds under management, and an affiliate of Canyon Capital Advisors LLC (“Canyon”), a Los Angeles-based investment firm with more than $11 billion under management, and its associated private equity and debt investment firm, Los Angeles-based Black Canyon Capital LLC (“Black Canyon”). Logan’s currently operates 143 and franchises 25 restaurants in 20 states. Total consideration in the transaction is $486 million, subject to customary post-closing adjustments, if any, for working capital, indebtedness and capital expenditures. This amount includes the anticipated proceeds from a real estate sale-leaseback transaction to be undertaken by Logan’s and closed simultaneously with the sale of Logan’s to LRI. CBRL, BRS, Canyon and Black Canyon expect the transaction to close on or before November 30, 2006. CBRL has not yet made final determination of the use of proceeds but presently expects net proceeds after related taxes, fees and expenses to be used for share repurchases, debt reduction, and/or other general corporate purposes. Wachovia Securities acted as advisor to CBRL in the transactions. About BRS BRS, founded in 1995, specializes in management buyouts and recapitalizations of high quality, middle market companies with strong market positions and growth potential. BRS currently manages approximately $1.2 billion of committed capital in two institutional private equity funds. The principals of BRS have worked together since the mid-1980s and have collectively invested in over 60 companies with a total value in excess of $14.2 billion. BRS is a highly experienced and leading investor in the restaurant industry, whose principals have acquired or invested in 14 restaurant companies since 1989. About Canyon Canyon Capital Advisors is a leading alternative investment management firm located in Los Angeles, California , managing over $11 billion in assets for qualified institutional and high net worth investors. Established in 1990, Canyon’s funds include hedge fund, structured finance, direct investment and real estate strategies. -MORE- CRACKER BARREL OLD COUNTRY STORE l LOGAN'S ROADHOUSE CBRL Agrees To Sell Logan’s Page 3 October 30, 2006 About Black Canyon Black Canyon Capital is a Los Angeles-based investment firm associated with Canyon Capital Advisors. Black Canyon focuses on investing in control and non-control private equity and structured debt securities. Since its inception in 2004, Black Canyon has completed more than $750 million of equity and debt investments. About Wachovia Securities Wachovia Securities is the trade name for the corporate, investment banking, capital markets and securities research businesses of Wachovia Corporation and its subsidiaries, including Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC (WCM) and Wachovia Securities International Limited. Wachovia Securities is also the trade name for the retail brokerage businesses of WCM’s affiliates, Wachovia Securities, LLC, Wachovia Securities Financial Networks, LLC, Wexford Clearing, LLC, and First Clearing, LLC. Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC, is a U.S. broker-dealer registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a member of the New York Stock Exchange, the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., and the Securities Investor Protection Corp. Wachovia Securities International Limited is a U.K. incorporated investment firm authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. About CBRL Group, Inc. Headquartered in Lebanon, Tennessee, CBRL Group, Inc. presently operates 548 Cracker Barrel Old Country Store restaurants and gift shops located in 41 states and 143 company-operated and 25 franchised Logan’s Roadhouse restaurants in 20 states. Forward Looking Statements regarding CBRL Group, Inc. Except for specific historical information, many of the matters discussed in this press release may express or imply projections of revenues or expenditures, statements of plans and objectives or future operations or statements of future economic performance. These, and similar statements are forward-looking statements concerning matters that involve risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual performance of CBRL Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries to differ materially from those expressed or implied by this discussion. All forward-looking information is provided by the Company pursuant to the safe harbor established under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and should be evaluated in the context of these factors. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “trends,” “assumptions,” “target,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “plans,” “goals,” “objectives,” “expectations,” “near-term,” “long-term,” “projection,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “potential,” “regular,” or “continue” (or the negative or other derivatives of each of these terms) or similar terminology. Factors which could materially affect actual results include, but are not limited to: the timing and ability of the Company to execute a successful divestiture of its Logan’s Roadhouse, Inc. subsidiary, including the effects of changes in capital market or economic conditions that could affect valuations of restaurant companies; the effects of incurring substantial indebtedness and associated restrictions on the Company’s financial and operating flexibility and ability to execute or pursue its operating plans and objectives; the effects of uncertain consumer confidence, higher costs for energy, consumer debt payments, or general or regional economic weakness, or weather on sales and customer travel, discretionary income or personal expenditure activity of our customers; the ability of the Company to identify, acquire and sell successful new lines of retail merchandise and new menu items at our restaurants; the ability of the Company to sustain or the effects of plans intended to improve operational execution and performance; changes in or implementation of additional governmental or regulatory rules, regulations and interpretations affecting tax, wage and hour matters, health and safety, pensions, insurance or other undeterminable areas; the effects of plans intended to promote or protect the Company’s brands and products; commodity, workers compensation, group health and utility price changes; consumer behavior based on negative publicity or concerns over nutritional or safety aspects of the Company’s products or restaurant food in general, including concerns about E. coli bacteria, hepatitis A, “mad cow” disease, “foot-and-mouth” -MORE- CBRL Agrees To Sell Logan’s Page 3 October 30, 2006 disease, and bird flu, as well as the possible effects of such events on the price or availability of ingredients used in our restaurants; changes in interest rates or capital market conditions affecting the Company’s financing costs or ability to obtain financing or execute initiatives; the effects of business trends on the outlook for individual restaurant locations and the effect on the carrying value of those locations; the ability of the Company to retain key personnel during and after the restructuring process; the ability of and cost to the Company to recruit, train, and retain qualified hourly and management employees; the effects of increased competition at Company locations on sales and on labor recruiting, cost, and retention; the availability and cost of suitable sites for restaurant development and our ability to identify those sites; changes in building materials and construction costs; the actual results of pending, future or threatened litigation or governmental investigations and the costs and effects of negative publicity associated with these activities; practical or psychological effects of natural disasters or terrorist acts or war and military or government responses; disruptions to the company’s restaurant or retail supply chain; changes in foreign exchange rates affecting the Company’s future retail inventory purchases; implementation of new or changes in interpretation of existing accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”); effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure; and other factors described from time to time in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, press releases, and other communications. - END -

===== EX-99.2 pressrelease10312006.htm CBRL GROUP, INC. PRESS RELEASE ISSUED OCTOBER 31, 2006 =====
CBRL Group, Inc. Press Release Issued October 31, 2006 ; POST OFFICE BOX 787 [CBRL GROUP, INC. LOGO] LEBANON, TENNESSEE ; 37088-0787 ; PHONE 615.443.9869 C B R L G R O U P, I N C. Investor Contact: Diana S. Wynne Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs (615) 443-9837<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /> Media Contact: Julie K. Davis Director Corporate Communications (615) 443-9266 CBRL GROUP, INC. REPORTS OCTOBER COMPARABLE STORE SALES <?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags" />LEBANON, Tenn. (October 31, 2006) -- CBRL Group, Inc. (the “Company”) (NASDAQ: CBRL) today reported comparable store sales for the fiscal five-week period ending Friday, October 27, 2006. The report includes monthly comparable store sales for both its Cracker Barrel Old Country Store â (“Cracker Barrel”) restaurants and gift shops and its Logan’s Roadhouse â (“Logan’s”) restaurants. For Cracker Barrel: · Comparable store restaurant sales in fiscal October were up 1.9% with an approximately 1.2% higher average check, including approximately 1.0% higher average menu pricing, · Comparable store retail sales in fiscal October were up 5.9%. For Logan’s: · Comparable restaurant sales in fiscal October were down 0.8%, with an approximately 1.0% higher average check, including approximately 1.6% average menu pricing. Headquartered in Lebanon, Tennessee, CBRL Group, Inc. presently operates 548 Cracker Barrel Old Country Store restaurants and gift shops located in 41 states and 143 company-operated and 26 franchised Logan’s Roadhouse Ò restaurants in 20 states. - END-
