CFTC’s Release Schedule for Delayed Market Data Reports | CFTC
/PressRoom/PressReleases/7864-19
Skip to main content
Release Number 7864-19
Jan
uary 29, 2019
CFTC’s Release Schedule for Delayed Market Data Reports
Washington, DC
– The Commodity Futures Trading Commission’s (CFTC) Market Intelligence Branch of the Division of Market Oversight today announced an updated release schedule for CFTC market data reports that were delayed during the lapse in appropriations.
The goal of the new report schedule is to provide market participants with data as quickly as possible, given the agency’s resource constraints.
During the lapse in appropriations, the CFTC suspended publication of the weekly Commitments of Traders report (COT), the weekly Cotton On Call report (COC), and the monthly Bank Participation Report (BPR). As the agency resumes its normal operations, the CFTC will start publishing these reports again with the schedule below. Any changes to these dates will be announced on CFTC’s website.
COT
: The last COT report was published on December 21, 2018. Reports going forward from that date will be published in chronological order beginning with the report previously scheduled for release on Friday, December 28, 2018 (based on data from
Monday, December 24, 2018).  The CFTC expects to publish this report on Friday, February 1, 2019.  After this, the CFTC expects to publish one report on Tuesday and another on Friday of each week until the reports are current as per the normal schedule.
COC:
The last COC report was published on December 20, 2018. Reports going forward from that date will be published in chronological order beginning with the report previously scheduled for release on Thursday, December 27, 2018 (based on data from Friday, December 21, 2018).  The CFTC expects to publish this report on Thursday, January 31, 2019.  After this, the CFTC expects to publish one report on Monday and another on Thursday of each week until the reports are current as per the normal schedule.
BPR:
The January 2019 BPR was not published. The CFTC expects to publish this report on Friday, February 8, 2019. The CFTC expects that the report scheduled to be published on February 8 will now be published on February 22. Beginning with the March report, we expect these reports will be published as normal.